pers and businesses use HPE Haven OnDemand APIs to add advanced capabilities such as natural language processing, machine learning, and predictive analytics to their applications.

perfect-scrollbar is a lightweight jQuery plugin that allows you to beautify the default scroll bars without changing or adding any style on original elements.

TiddlyWiki is an open-source single page application wiki. A single HTML file contains CSS, JavaScript, and the content. The content is divided into a series of components, or Tiddlers.TiddlyWiki is designed to be non-linear, structuring content with stories, tags, hyperlinks, and other features. You can organise and retrieve your notes in ways that conform to your personal thought patterns, rather than feel chained to one preset organisational structure.

An app that supports custom installation must allow users to change default values, colors, or settings during the process of installation or the deployment of an application onto a device for future execution and use.

JAX-RS contract for a provider that maps Java exceptions to Response.

Is a family of web content syndication formats used to publish frequently updated works (In this case coming from facebook) — such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video — in a standardized format.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;RSS is a dialect of XML. All RSS files must conform to the XML 1.0 specification, as published on the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) website.

Simulation of a action or occurrence detected by the program that may be handled by the program. Typically events are handled synchronously with the program flow, that is, the program has one or more dedicated places where events are handled, frequently an event loop.

Capability shell wrapper. Linux capability support and use can be explored and constrained with this tool. This tool provides a handy wrapper for certain types of capability testing and environment creation. It also provides some debugging features useful for summarizing capability state.

Active Merchant is a simple payment abstraction library extracted from Shopify. The aim of the project is to feel natural to Ruby users and to abstract as many parts as possible away from the user to offer a consistent interface across all supported gateways.

This is GitLab Runner repository, this application run tests and sends the results to GitLab CI. GitLab CI is the open-source continuous integration server that coordinates the testing.

This project can make it easy to theme and custom Android's dialog. Also contains Holo and Material themes for old devices.

a open source project that gives system administrators the power to easily automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy applications, and proactively manage servers, on-premises or in the cloud.

sbt-sass plugin for sbt and Play Framework 2.3.x

A third-party, type-safe, Swift-language layer over SQLite.

Lita is a framework for writing a chat bot in the Ruby programming language.

Administrators of Team Foundation version control can configure source control check-out settings. Check-out settings in Team Foundation version control enable files to be edited by more than one person at the same time.

R package that is a “parallel backend” for the foreach package. It provides a mechanism needed to execute foreach loops in parallel.

Sqitch is a database change management application.

A dynamic, browser based visualisation library. The library is designed to be easy to use, to handle large amounts of dynamic data, and to enable manipulation of and interaction with the data. The library consists of the components DataSet, Timeline, Network, Graph2d and Graph3d.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Learn more at http://visjs.org&#xD;&#xA;

in Swift this defines a property observer that executes code after a new value has been set

Gnostice PDFOne .NET is a versatile PDF component suite for .NET developers to implement PDF-related tasks in their applications. PDFOne .NET can create, edit, view, print, search, redact, encrypt, decrypt, merge,, bookmark, watermark, and stamp PDF documents. PDFOne .NET can also create, edit, delete, fill and flatten PDF form fields. It also has an AJAX-powered Web-Forms PDF viewer component that can display and print PDF documents on any modern browser.

Vulkan is a low-overhead, cross-platform graphics API from the Khronos Group.

WKInterfaceImage is an API available for Apple's WatchKit framework. A WKInterfaceImage object lets you manipulate an image in a WatchKit app’s interface.

a class that allows access to, and control of, elements within a table view in your app.

Treeline is a backend framework that makes it easy to build custom, high-performance apps for Node.js. It is designed for building practical, enterprise-grade backends in a matter of hours - not months.

Bar code, labeling, printing, and imaging tools for .NET & PHP.

NativeScript is an open source framework created by Telerik that makes native mobile app development easier for web developers. It enables developers to use JavaScript (or TypeScript and Angular) to build native mobile applications for iOS and Android. NativeScript apps render native UI components styled by a subset of CSS. Modules provide cross-platform native API abstractions. 100% of native APIs are available via JavaScript.

The Video Toolbox framework (VideoToolbox.framework) includes direct access to hardware video encoding and decoding in iOS and OSX.&#xD;&#xA;

Balde is a microframework for C based on GLib and bad intentions.

A barrier is a point where the thread is going to wait for other threads and will proceed further only when predefined number of threads reach the same barrier in their respective programs.

a commercial charting solution originally intended to address the report need of the Company's various business systems.

os-svc-daemon is openstack component to enable openstack service work as daemon

Odoo S.A. is the software vendor of the Odoo Apps (formerly OpenERP).

Stasm is a C++ software library for finding features in faces. You give it an image of a face and it returns the positions of the facial features.

This is the Symfony 2.7.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the symfony2 tag if your question is specific to Symfony 2.7.x — not just 2.x.&#xD;&#xA;

plasio implements point cloud rendering capability in a browser and is currently only available for Chrome.

enables any API, application or data owner to become an API provider in minutes via an intuitive browser interface.

A WKInterfaceImage object lets you manipulate an image in your WatchKit app’s interface. You use image objects to change the current image being displayed and to start and stop the animation of a sequence of images.

An image view that downloads and displays remote image stored on Parse’s server.

The PFCollectionViewCell class represents a collection view cell which can download and display remote images stored on Parse as well as has a default simple text label.

TouchSwipe a jQuery plugin for touch devices.

Node package to read, manipulate and write spreadsheet data and styles to XLSX and JSON.

Team Foundation Server 2015 by Microsoft

Turnip is a Gherkin extension for RSpec. It allows you to write tests in Gherkin and run them through your RSpec environment. Basically you can write cucumber features in RSpec.&#xD;&#xA;

A program or library is non-thread-safe, when usage in a threaded environment can provoke errors.

The managed VM hosting environment lets you run App Engine applications on configurable Compute Engine Virtual Machines (VMs). The VM hosting environment offers more flexibility and provides more CPU and memory options.&#xD;&#xA;

smoothState.js is a jQuery plugin for adding page transitions.

Grunt module to compile Jade templates

Angular module with Bootstrap components written in pure AngularJS by the AngularUI Team

A user space daemon for access point and authentication servers.

Event called in response to an internal scroll in a view (i.e., the view scrolled its own contents).

Unified Service Desk for Microsoft Dynamics CRM provides a configurable framework for quickly building applications for call centers so that agents can get a unified view of the customer data stored in Microsoft Dynamics CRM.

In a data warehouse a degenerate dimension is a key in a fact table that does not have any corresponding dimension table. &#xD;&#xA;

A minimal and complete JavaScript driver for the Reddit API.

WOW.js is a JavaScript plugin that reveals animations when you scroll.

dstore is a Dojo-based AMD package which defines and implements APIs for interacting with collections of data.

A free to use service to run live examples of code

An advanced Learning Management system focused on ease of use and speed.

Argon is a mobile web browser for iOS, and associated software suite, for creating augmented reality-enabled websites.

Argparse4j is a command line argument parser library for Java based on Python's argparse module.

Psr-7 is a proposed FIG standard to provide a set of common interfaces for HTTP messages in PHP

OCB is a mode of operation for block ciphers. This authenticated-encryption scheme combines authenticity and confidentiality of the plaintext.

an open source social networking platform for Ruby on Rails

A open-sourced, modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design.

A multi-bucket aggregation similar to the histogram except it can only be applied on date values.

NULL

Oracle database interface (DBI) driver for R. This is a DBI-compliant Oracle driver based on the OCI. It is available through CRAN. -> http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ROracle/index.html

Version 4 of the JavaScript based WYSIWYG editor CKEditor.

NULL

C4.5 is a decision tree algorithm invented by Ross Quinlan in 1993.

In Gradle, if a couple of tasks share the same logic you can extract this logic into a method.

sqlx is a library which provides a set of extensions on go's standard database/sql library. The sqlx versions of sql.DB, sql.TX, sql.Stmt, et al. all leave the underlying interfaces untouched, so that their interfaces are a superset on the standard ones. This makes it relatively painless to integrate existing codebases using database/sql with sqlx.

Version 6.3 of Apple's Xcode IDE.

The latest Joomla! stable version including features as:&#xD;&#xA;Frontend Module Editing, Google reCAPTCHA, Collapsible Sidebar, Composer Integration, Extension Beta Testing.

WebMatrix is a free, lightweight, cloud-connected web development tool from Microsoft.

For questions on the Meteor Command Line Tool

Alea GPU is a cross-platform GPU development environment for .NET. It supports all .NET languages (C#, F# and VB.NET) and allows reusing the same code-base for CPU and GPU computations.

Sundown is a Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.

Accounts.framework is an Apple provided framework on OS X and iOS. It provides access to user accounts stored in the Accounts database. Supported account types include Twitter, Facebook, SinaWeibo, TencentWeibo, and LinkedIn.

The standard Unix utility named `find` for walking file hierarchies in order to find or process files.

Using jQuery $.valhooks(), you can overwrite the default behavior of the jQuere .val() method. This is useful for custom widget form inputs.

mySPIN allows you to operate smartphone apps through a vehicle’s touch screen, controller or steering wheel control.

[XML3D](http://xml3d.org) is a XML format for 3D scenegraphs and has a WebGL engine called [xml3d.js](http://github.com/xml3d/xml3d.js).

In Qt, the QActionGroup class groups actions together. It is a part of QtGui.

In Qt, the QToolButton class provides a quick-access button to commands or options, usually used inside a QToolBar.

In Java 8, a Future that may be explicitly completed (setting its value and status), and may include dependent functions and actions that trigger upon its completion.&#xD;&#xA;

Python FTP server library provides a high-level portable interface to easily write very efficient, scalable and asynchronous FTP servers with Python.

NULL

Xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any APKs

wpa_supplicant is a WPA Supplicant for Linux, BSD, Mac OS X, and Windows with support for WPA and WPA2 (IEEE 802.11i/RSN). It is suitable for both desktop/laptop computers and embedded systems. Supplicant is the IEEE 802.1X/WPA component that is used in the client stations. It implements key negotiation with a WPA Authenticator and it controls the roaming and IEEE 802.11 authentication/association of the wlan driver.

Web Processing Service (WPS) is a standard from the Open Geospatial Consortium that describes the input, output and execution of processes.

NULL

In Hibernate, this specifies that a property is part of the natural id of the entity.

Introduced in Xcode 6 (by Apple), simctl is a tool that allows you to create, boot, launch and then shutdown and destroy iOS simulators on the fly, and provides commands to install and launch specific apps.

Related to the reporting functionality of ICCube plateforme -> http://www.iccube.com/

Wix.com is a cloud-based web development platform that allows users to create HTML5 websites and mobile sites, through the use of their online drag and drop tools.

Controlling the appearance of cell ranges in a Google Sheets spreadsheet (e.g., font, text style, or fill), conditional upon the content of cells.

ClusterPoint is a document-oriented XML database system which is available as a cloud service or for free download. Some of the unique features include ACID compliancy (transaction support), Rest API access and real-time aggregation support.

In iOS Watchkit, a WKInterfaceLabel object lets you manipulate the contents of an onscreen label at runtime. Use a label object to set a new text string for the label.

copa stands for Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services for Lua and it is a packet dispatcher on top of lua sockets.

K Runtime Environment (currently known as DNX - .NET Execution Environment) is the code required to bootstrap and run an ASP.NET vNext application. This includes things like the compilation system, SDK tools, and the native CLR hosts.

The .NET Execution Environment contains the code required to bootstrap and run an application. This includes things like the compilation system, SDK tools, and the native CLR hosts.

For questions related to 8.2 version of the iOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use iOS tag

Free jqGrid is the fork of jqGrid. Its development is based on jqGrid 4.7 (before changing of license agreement). It can be used under MIT/GPLv2 license.

The hyphens CSS property tells the browser how to go about splitting words to improve the layout of text when line-wrapping.

A karma preprocessor for working with the Babel transpiler.

Adobe Director is a multimedia application authoring platform to create shockwave movies

An advertisement and monetization platform for iOS, Android, Facebook and web.

DOS Code page 864 (ibm-864) used for arabic text.

 Weblate is a free web-based translation management system.

GORM is an ORM library for the programming language Go, developed by jinzhu.

A warning generated at warning level 4 in visual-c++ compilers.

part of the kbd+ databases

A key/value database engine which is also part of mongo 3.0

A client-side map rendered with implementations in native platforms utilizing OpenGL.

Synonym for Android Fused Location Provider which intelligently manages the underlying location technology and gives you the best location according to your needs.

Related to custom action builders of the Play Framework.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://www.playframework.com/documentation/2.2.x/ScalaActionsComposition

bpmn.io is a BPMN 2.0 rendering toolkit and web modeler. It is powered by bpmn-js, a client-side only library that embeds BPMN 2.0 into the browser. It runs in modern browsers and requires no server backend. This allows you to easily embed it into any web applications.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;bpmn-js is built in a way that it can be both a viewer and web modeler.

A Perl/Tk-based GUI for easy ac­cess to pack­age doc­u­men­ta­tion for TEX on Unix platforms.

Quartiles are the values that divide a list of numbers into quarters. -> https://www.mathsisfun.com/data/quartiles.html

The second version of the AngularJS web framework. Angular 2 takes a web component-based approach to building powerful applications for the web.&#xD;&#xA;It is used along with TypeScript which provides support for ECMAScript 5, ECMAScript 6, and ECMAScript 7.

Drive app performance through real-time, data-driven management.

In PHP, binds a value to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.

In PHP, binds a variable to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.

Distributed-R was developed as an [open source project][1] by HP Labs and Vertica. By distributing data and computations across multi-core and multi-node infrastructure, it eliminates the performance and scale constraints of R. The platform includes parallel algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, ensemble modeling, and graph processing, and can be used to accelerate large-scale machine learning, statistical analysis, and graph processing.

Everything in Mongoose starts with a Schema. Each schema maps to a MongoDB collection and defines the shape of the documents within that collection.

clojuresque is now a plugin for Gradle, which adds Clojure support. It allows compilation with automatic namespace recognition. The plugin is based on the Java plugin and hooks into the standard configurations and archives.

ImageSquish is a standalone service that resizes your images on the fly.

Libcrafter is a high level library for C++ designed to make easier the creation and decoding of network packets.

Google Play In-app billing subscriptions let you sell content, services, or features in your app with automated, recurring billing.

Theme Customization screen in WordPress (i.e. "Theme Customizer") allows site admins to tweak a theme's settings, color scheme or widgets, and see a preview of those changes in real time.

Lightweight and Nonintrusive Scala Dependency Injection Library

Datadog is a monitoring service for IT, Operations and Development teams who write and run applications at scale and then turn the massive amounts of data produced by their apps, tools and services into actionable insight.

Thesis is a theme for WordPress that takes uses a "hook" framework to allow almost complete customization of the WordPress site without heavy coding.

Django model mixins and utilities.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;django-model-utils supports Django 1.4.10 and later on Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4.&#xD;&#xA;

RFC describing syntax and semantics of a Uniform Resource locator (URL).

Select2 4.0 was released in April 2015 and is a complete rewrite of the Select2 code base. Please only use this tag if your issue is specific to this version.

A PEAR (Processing Engine ARchive) file is the UIMA standard packaging format for UIMA components like analysis engines (annotators) or CAS consumers.

CSL stands for Citation Style Language, "a popular open XML-based language to describe the formatting of citations and bibliographies" <http://citationstyles.org/>.

STL is the standard file type used by most additive manufacturing systems. STL is a triangulated representation of a 3D CAD model

Oracle Identity Manager is a powerful and flexible enterprise identity management system that automatically manages users' access privileges within enterprise IT resources. (see http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/middleware/id-mgmt/overview/index-098451.html)

Abstract class that defines API used for introspecting annotation-based configuration for serialization and deserialization. Separated so that different sets of annotations can be supported, and support plugged-in dynamically.

Apache Syncope is an Open Source system for managing digital identities in enterprise environments, implemented in JEE technology and released under Apache 2.0 license.

Elasticsearch real-time search and analytics natively integrated with Hadoop.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Supports Map/Reduce, Cascading, Apache Hive, Apache Pig, Apache Spark and Apache Storm.

Artoo is a micro-framework for robotics using Ruby.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Artoo provides a simple, yet powerful Domain-Specific Language (DSL) for robotics and physical computing.

A messaging structure developed by Modicon in 1979. It is used to establish master-slave/client-server communication between intelligent devices. (from http://www.modbus.org/faq.php)

Free and open-source event sourcing and CQRS framework.

TightVNC is a free remote control software package. With TightVNC, you can see the desktop of a remote machine and control it with your local mouse and keyboard, just like you would do it sitting in the front of that computer.

TightVNC viewer for Java

an Interrupt Request Level (IRQL) is the priority given to any interrupt request generated by computer hardware.

Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) is an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications. If your question is specifically about programming Excel, Access, Word or Outlook, also use the appropriate tag: excel-vba, access-vba, word-vba or outlook-vba.

Jupyter is a collection of environments and protocols for interactive computing. It supports many languages and kernels, and works with frontends including the web application Jupyter Notebook. Jupyter was split from IPython in 2015, and Jupyter Notebook is based on IPython Notebook.&#xD;&#xA;

Iframe-resizer is a JavaScript library that resizes iframes to their contained content.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/davidjbradshaw/iframe-resizer

CFDictionary and its derived mutable type, CFMutableDictionary Reference, manage associations of key-value pairs.

This tag covers database migrations for Yii, a modern PHP framework that supports

Nose decorator for parameterized testing

Ren'Py is a visual novel engine that helps you use words, images, and sounds to tell stories with the computer.

In Clojure, it traverses form, an arbitrary data structure.

The Parallel Programming Library (PPL) is a component of the Delphi Run-Time Library which enables applications to run tasks in parallel on a thread pool without the need for individual thread management.

Spock-Reports is a plugin for [spock](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spock) which creates human readable reports. See https://github.com/renatoathaydes/spock-reports for more details

The TI-Nspire product line is a series of graphing calculators developed by Texas Instruments. This line currently includes the TI-Nspire, TI-Nspire CAS, TI-Nspire CX and TI-Nspire CX CAS.. -> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TI-Nspire_series

NULL

Compose is a tool for defining and running complex applications with Docker. With Compose, you define a multi-container application in a single file, then spin your application up in a single command which does everything that needs to be done to get it running.

Masonry is an iOS/OS X library (https://github.com/Masonry/Masonry) for helping to create NSLayoutConstraints easily.

The FILTER clause is SQL standard syntax to filter rows passed to an aggregate function.

FLINT: Fast Library for Number Theory

Database Resource Localization for .NET

The designated initializer of the UIViewController class used in iOS application.

Django-rest-auth provides a set of REST API endpoints for Authentication and Registration

Simple and clean testing for JavaFX.

Pragmatic General Multicast (PGM) is a reliable multicast transport protocol

SOCKS servers are a form of proxy that are commonly used in firewalled LAN environments to allow access between networks, and often to the Internet.

SysBench is a modular, cross-platform and multi-threaded benchmark tool for evaluating OS parameters that are important for a system running a database under intensive load.

HbbTV is (abbreviation of “Hybrid broadcast broadband TV”) a standard which allows to offer combinations of broadcast and broadband services on devices like TV sets or Set Top Boxes. It provides a (close to) standardized browser environment which allows to offer web applications on TV sets across all manufacturers

CI+ (Common Interface Plus) is a specification that extends the Common Interface as found in the digital broadcasting standard. A CI+ module inserted into the corresponding slot of a compatible TV set allows you to subscribe and watch a pay TV service from a pay TV service operator.

protoc is the compiler for .proto files. It generates language bindings for the messages and/or RPC services from .proto files.&#xD;&#xA;protoc is a native executable, the scripts under this directory build and publish a protoc executable (a.k.a. artifact) to Maven repositories. The artifact can be used by build automation tools so that users would not need to compile and install protoc for their systems.

Nuiton is a set of libraries and tools related to Java development.

JSR 354: Money and Currency API

A tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently.

AngularJS Library for Drag and Drop, supports Sortable and Draggable. No JQuery/JQuery UI used. Supports Touch devices.

potion is a stack-oriented computer programming language with a JIT compiler, closures, continuations and exceptions, a Lua-based VM and an Io-based object model built around message passing, a MOP and mixins. It is technically a lexical-only Lisp-1 with two languages: one for code, one for data and it is written in under 10K lines of C.

Video ads are one type of ad that can appear on AdSense sites. They can show on your pages if you have chosen to display image ads and are a using supported ad size.

The UIAWindow class allows access to, and control of, your app’s window elements.

The UIAPopover class provides methods for accessing and manipulating popovers and the elements they contain.

The Tomcat7 Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container version 7.x -> http://tomcat.apache.org/maven-plugin-2.0/tomcat7-maven-plugin/

On-the-fly disposable email service

Intervention Image is an open source PHP image handling and manipulation library. It provides an easier and expressive way to create, edit, and compose images and currently supports the two most common image processing libraries GD Library and Imagick.

"protected views" is a JSF 2.2 feature of declaring a specific set of views which should require a CSRF protection token on GET requests.

Use this tag for questions related to touchesEnded:withEvent, a UIResponder event-handling method in the UIKit framework and MonoTouch.UIKit Namespace.

Converts a string containing an (IPv4) Internet Protocol dotted address into a proper address ->&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://php.net/manual/fr/function.ip2long.php

XCPlayground is a new module that has a few methods to help you get the most out of Playgrounds in XCode 6.

Python circuits Application Framework with an Event-driven and Component

range-v3 is a range library for C++11/14.

 Ruby and Rails integrations for Elasticsearch -> https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-rails

Linux virtual machines manager.

SQL data type which allows whole numbers between -2,147,483,648 and 2,147,483,647

This is the ActiveRecord adapter for working with the Firebird SQL Server. It currently supports Rails 3.2.x and 4.x.

elasticsearch provides a full Query DSL based on JSON to define queries. In general, there are basic queries such as term or prefix

JavaPoet is a Java API for generating .java source files.

Meteor Tracker is an tiny but powerful library for transparent reactive programming in JavaScript

Polygon and line clipping and offsetting library (C++, C#, Delphi)

ScalaTags is a small, fast XML/HTML construction library for Scala that takes fragments in plain Scala code. ->&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/lihaoyi/scalatags

Performance of Python programs and special Python constructs.

Socialite is a package that provides a simple, convenient way to authenticate with OAuth providers within the Laravel framework.

NULL

VevoCart is an e-commerce solution based on ASP.NET

Local Security Authority is a security subsystem of Microsoft Windows used to authenticate users on the local system and maintains the security policy of the system.

Command line interface for the issue and project tracking software JIRA.

TomDoc is a code documentation specification that helps you write precise documentation that is nice to read in plain text, yet structured enough to be automatically extracted and processed by a machine.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;-> http://tomdoc.org/

[HAPI-FHIR](https://jamesagnew.github.io/hapi-fhir/) is an open source Java API for creating HL7 FHIR clients and servers.

 Context helpers are augments to the core Dust template syntax. -> https://github.com/linkedin/dustjs-helpers

ViewPropertyAnimator provides a simple way to animate several properties in parallel, using a single Animator internally.

Related posts is a WordPress plugin that presents links to related content of a post or article.

Apache Commons Lang3 provides a number of helper classes for things that are deemed missing in the Java base libraries. This includes string handling, mathematics helpers, reflection helpers, concurrency and others. Version 3 is a backwards incompatible version update of the original Apache Commons Lang library.

Irfanview is a freeware (for non-commercial use) graphic viewer for Windows.

Giant Swarm provides open source tools for running microservices

Crank is a load testing tool for SignalR. It is used for conducting SignalR Connection Density Testing.

Drupal - Chaos tool suite = This suite is primarily a set of APIs and tools to improve the developer experience.

Pentaho - Community Tools (ctools). A set of tools and components, working on top of Pentaho for custom dashboard implementation.

Constant time functions are needed in cryptography software to prevent attacks based on time measuring of the operations.

Rails gem that tracks impressions and page views.

Google Play Newsstand is a news aggregator and digital newsstand application offered by Google for Android and iOS platforms.

Google Play Newsstand Producer is a production environment for content publishers to include their website or blog on Play Newsstand.


A fork of Tesseract Tools for Android (tesseract-android-tools) that adds some additional functions. Tesseract Tools for Android is a set of Android APIs and build files for the Tesseract OCR and Leptonica image processing libraries.

FASTQ format stores sequences and Phred qualities in a single file. It is concise and compact.

Related to the Evernote notebook app : https://evernote.com/intl/fr/

perl5i - Fix as much of Perl 5 as possible in one pragma - http://search.cpan.org/~mschwern/perl5i-v2.13.1/lib/perl5i.pm

Conversion tool from embarcadero to convert coff to omf.

are equations with at least one variable inside goniometric function like `x=sin(x)`

For issues specific to the minor release of version 4.2.1 of Rails. If your question applies to Ruby on Rails in general, use the tag [ruby-on-rails]

A part of rails active record that caches fragments of SQL for improved performance

Pyleus is a Python framework for developing and launching Storm topologies: https://github.com/Yelp/pyleus

Instamojo lets you collect payments instantly with just a link.

General programmatic usage of databases on Android

ngTemplate allows to load the <script> element to the $templateCache

DarkBASIC is a commercial game creation programming language released by The Game Creators. The language is a structured form of BASIC and is similar to AMOS on the Amiga.

Blitz3D is a derivative of BlitzBasic, a Basic programming language.

Alasql - is a SQL database and data manipulation library, written on pure JavaScript and designed to work in browsers and Node.js. It provides SQL language interface and data processing functions to data arrays. The library provides import/export functions for CSV, TAB, JSON, and other data file formats. It can use Local Storage and Indexed DB as backend storage.

The system bar located on the top of the screen. It displays system status icons and notification icons.

Parser generator for context-free grammars in [tag:Clojure]. Supports EBNF and ABNF notation.

BEMSimpleLineGraph is an open-source charting library (available on GitHub) that makes it easy to create beautiful line graphs for iOS. Use this tag to ask questions about the open source project - do not ask about new features.

ios-charts is a powerful chart framework for iOS, written in Swift.

Pig user defined function (UDF) used to specify custom processing. Pig UDFs can currently be implemented in four languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, Ruby and Groovy.

An HTML5 authoring tool from Google.

A random number generator library for JavaScript, inspired primarily by C++11's <random>

DryIoc is small, fast, capable IoC Container for .NET

GraphQL is a data querying language to describe the complex, nested data dependencies of modern web applications. It has been created by Facebook.

OpenFB&#xD;&#xA;OpenFB is a micro-library that lets you integrate your JavaScript applications with Facebook. It works for both browser-based and Cordova/PhoneGap apps.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;OpenFB has no dependency: You don't need the Facebook plugin when running in Cordova. You also don't need the Facebook SDK.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;OpenFB allows you to login to Facebook and execute any Facebook Graph API request.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Here are a few code examples...

Parsoid is a web service for translating back and forth between MediaWiki's wikitext syntax and an equivalent HTML/RDFa document model with enhanced support for automated processing and rich editing.

Docker Swarm is native clustering for Docker. It turns a pool of Docker hosts into a single, virtual host.

Docto is a command line utility that uses word to convert doc files to pdf, txt, html etc.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://github.com/tobya/docto

Hadoop archives are special format archives. A Hadoop archive maps to a file system directory. A Hadoop archive always has a *.har extension. A Hadoop archive directory contains metadata (in the form of _index and _masterindex) and data (part-*) files. The _index file contains the name of the files that are part of the archive and the location within the part files.

Vaadin Grid widget, for display of tabular data.

An Action Hook is an entry point into application and platform lifecycle operations on OpenShift by Red Hat.

A web chat is a system that allows users to communicate in real time using easily accessible web interfaces. It is a type of internet online chat distinguished by its simplicity and accessibility to users who do not wish to take the time to install and learn to use specialised chat software.

GitVersion uses your Git history to infer your semantic version using a set of built in conventions. It currently works with GitHubFlow and GitFlow.

a Node.js based server that supports live reloading and is used for development of webpack powered applications.

Atmospherejs.com is the repository for Meteor packages.

Bosun is an open-source, MIT licensed, monitoring and alerting system by Stack Exchange. It has an expressive domain specific language for evaluating alerts and creating detailed notifications. It also lets you test your alerts against history for a faster development experience.

A Google Spreadsheets function that uses a search_key to look in the first column of a specified range and return the value in a column of the range, specified by a 1-based index, from the first row in which the search_key is found. An optional fourth parameter may be set to FALSE to ensure only an exact match is returned. The vertical version of HLOOKUP. Do not use for Excel which has [vlookup].

Cisco has taken their H.264 implementation, and open sourced it under BSD license terms. Development and maintenance will be overseen by a board from industry and the open source community. Furthermore, we have provided a binary form suitable for inclusion in applications across a number of different operating systems, and make this binary module available for download from the Internet

RAPTOR is a flowchart-based visual programming environment designed for educational purposes.

Angular Chart is a set of AngularJS bindings for the Chart.js library. Use this tag for questions specifically related to the AngularJS bindings, not for general Chart.js questions.

Storm is a distributed realtime computation system. Similar to how Hadoop provides a set of general primitives for doing batch processing, Storm provides a set of general primitives for doing realtime computation. Storm is simple, can be used with any programming language

Service Integration Bus (SIBus) typically could be used in many topologies and different environments. This blog details/lists some typical uses of SIBus, based on real customer examples.

a library for the .Net framework that aims to simplify developing applications for editing and encoding audio and video using DirectShow.&#xD;&#xA;

A Ruby gem used most often with Ruby on Rails applications. It allows one to generate pretty API documentations using RSpec syntax.

 ADX is the name of Intel's arbitrary-precision arithmetic instruction set for the x86 architecture.

Apex trigger is Apex code that executes before or after operations with Standard or Custom object.

Fluent Ribbon Control Suite is a library that implements an Office-like user interface for the Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).

SciRuby is a tools for Scientific Computing in Ruby.

Plottable.js is a Javascript library to create interactive web charts on top of D3.

The Asana API is a RESTful interface, providing programmatic access to much of the data in the system

Ghost is a simple blogging platform. It is based on node.js and Express on the server side, SQLite3 or MySQL as a database, and Handlebars on the client side. Its source code is hosted on https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost

Easily generate ad-hoc SQL code using LINQ in a strongly typed manner that allows for compile time validation of sql scripts.

Diagrams is a powerful, flexible, declarative domain-specific language for creating vector graphics, using the Haskell programming language.

Classes specific to testing a Gradle project, leveraging Spock

Gobot is a framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things, written in the Go programming language

ModX Snippets are small pieces of PHP script that can be called and reused multiple times on a Modx Revolution or ModX Evolution website.

ModX Plugins are extensions available to download and used to enhance ModX's functions.

Watir-Classic is a Watir driver for automating Internet Explorer via the WIN32OLE.

PyTagCloud is a python module that lets you create simple tag clouds inspired by http://www.wordle.net/.

Bazel is a build tool that builds code quickly and reliably. It is used to build the majority of Google's software, and thus it has been designed to handle build problems present in Google's development. http://bazel.io/

A proprietary POS printer command system from EPSON.

POS for .NET class that defines the programmatic interface for a UPOS Printer device.

The SQL EXCEPT operator combines two queries and returns those rows that are in the first query but not in the second. It represents the difference between two sets.

Swashbuckle is an open source framework which adds Swagger and Swagger-ui to ASP.NET Web API projects.

Zurmo is an Open Source Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application that is mobile, social, and gamified. Zurmo use a test-driven methodology for building every part of the application. This means you can create and maintain a custom-built CRM system or platform with the assurance that future updates are not going to break your installation.

This tag is used for questions pertaining to the use of d3pie, [Ben Keen's D3-based library][1] for creating pie charts on websites.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Flatpack is a Java library to help parsing "flat" files.

Select2 4.0 was released in March 2014 and is a complete rewrite of the Select2 code base. Please only use this tag for 3.5.x versions of Select2.

This tag does NOT refer to the Super User SE site. Use to distinguish those acting with top/high level admin system privileges from other users.

bs4 is 4th version of BeautifulSoup

Software development aimed specifically at the mobile environment, such as the Android or iOS platforms, as opposed to web development, desktop development or server development

React Native lets you build mobile apps using only JavaScript. It uses the same design as React, letting you compose a rich mobile UI from declarative components. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The focus of React Native is on developer efficiency across all the platforms you care about - learn once, write anywhere.

The WKInterfaceObject class is the base class for all interface objects in your app. Your WatchKit extension uses interface objects to manipulate the visual elements displayed on Apple Watch. This class provides information that is common to all interface objects in your app.

indico is a multi-language library of REST-accessible endpoints to machine learning algorithms for text and image processing.

RobotC is a c-like language used for an introductory in programming robotics.

Company that produces (among other things) Supersonic, a UI framework for building hybrid mobile apps.

A mixed HTML5/native UI framework for building hybrid mobile apps.

An AngularJS admin GUI for any RESTful API

Apache Samza is a distributed stream processing framework.

OS X Yosemite (version 10.10) is the eleventh major release of OS X, Apple Inc.'s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;OS X Yosemite was announced and released to developers on June 2, 2014 at WWDC 2014 and released to public beta testers on July 24, 2014. Yosemite was released to consumers on October 16, 2014.

PyGithub is a Python library implementing the GitHub API v3, to manage GitHub resources (repositories, user profiles, organizations, etc.) from Python scripts.

OrientDB adapter for Sails.js / Waterline ORM.

Green is a clean, colorful test runner for Python unit tests.

The Poly/ML implementation of Standard ML

DirectX 12 introduces the next version of Direct3D, the 3D graphics API at the heart of DirectX. This version of Direct3D is faster and more efficient than any previous version. Direct3D 12 enables richer scenes, more objects, more complex effects, and full utilization of modern GPU hardware.

Mendix is a app platform-as-a-service (aPaaS) for Rapid Application Development. The rapid

Thinky is a JavaScript ORM for RethinkDB.

CollectionFS is a suite of Meteor packages that together provide a complete file management solution including uploading, downloading, storage, synchronization, manipulation, and copying. It supports several storage adapters for saving to the local filesystem, GridFS, or S3, and additional storage adapters can be created.

The ngController directive attaches a controller class to the view. This is a key aspect of how angular supports the principles behind the Model-View-Controller design pattern.&#xD;&#xA;

PHP 7 is the successor to PHP 5.6, it was released on December 3, 2015. Use this tag for issues relating to development using PHP 7

DuoCode is a fully-featured C# compiler, powered by Microsoft® Roslyn, and integrated in Visual Studio.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It cross-compiles your C# 6.0 code into high-quality readable JavaScript code, enabling rapid development of web applications utilizing the extensive features of the C# language, the Visual Studio IDE, and the .NET Framework base class libraries.

The Python os module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality.

The Windows Push Notification Services (WNS) enables third-party developers to send toast, tile, badge, and raw updates from their own cloud service. This provides a mechanism to deliver new updates to your users in a power-efficient and dependable way.

Umbraco-tags are a way to to categorise your pages/content so you can pull through certain content based on a TAG, you can also have TAG groups so within one installation you could have the same TAG names but associated to different groups.

Objective Sharpie is a tool developed and maintained by Xamarin Inc, used to create C# bindings from an Objective-C library, making it consumable in Xamarin.iOS projects.

lld is the linker from LLVM.

GBDK is a development kit for the Nintendo Gameboy containing an ANSI C compiler, assembler, linker, several libraries, and some example programs.

An ObjectListView is a wrapper around wxPython's wx.ListCtrl that makes the list control easier to use. It also provides some useful extra functionality.

Cloudera QuickStart VM contains a single-node Apache Hadoop cluster including Cloudera Manager, example data, queries, and scripts.

SRILM is a toolkit for building and applying statistical language models (LMs).

A gear is a container for your code. A single server may have multiple gears running at the same time, each isolated from each other through Linux namespacing and SELinux protection. Each gear is given a fair allocation of CPU, memory, disk, and network bandwidth using Linux control groups. In a scalable application, a database always gets its own gear. In the OpenShift free tier you only have small gears (512GB memory, 1GB HDD etc.)

Bash-it is a collection of community bash commands and scripts.

PM is the Package Manager for Android, and pm install is the command consisiting of the install verb passed to the package manager for installing an APK file

Questions about aliasing in the zsh Unix shell.

topicmodels is an R package implementing Latent Dirichlet Allocation topic modeling.

gruntfile is the the main configuration location for customizing grunt which is used for automating and running JavaScript tasks.

The `cassandra-stress` tool is a Java-based stress testing utility for basic benchmarking and load testing a Cassandra cluster.&#xD;&#xA;

Paw is a REST client for OS X. It supports dynamic variables, multiple environments, and code generation in several languages (including Swift and Objective-C).

Jawin is a free, open source architecture for interoperation between Java and components exposed through Microsoft's Component Object Model.

Smart Development Bridge (SDB) is a command line tool for emulator/device management for Tizen platform

The standardized environment variables available for applications hosted on OpenShift.

appcompat-v7 Android Support Library starting from r21 provides emulation of Material Design for AppBar (action bar) and several widgets.

A starter kit for building a standard navigation-style app with Aurelia

A carlet is a Java application. For each function or task to be processed on the client side or between the client and server sides, a carlet is invoked to manage the operation. In this manner, carlets can be independently written, tested, and launched for use on a telematics system

DHIS 2 is the flexible, web-based open-source information system with visualization features including GIS, charts and pivot tables.

a minimalistic Virtual DOM JavaScript library with support for animated transitions. Maquette does the hard work of keeping the DOM in sync with underlaying data.

General SQL Parser is a tool for decoding sql grammer. It is available for .net, java, c/c++, VCL, and COM. It works with most major RDBMSs like Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, etc.

React is a low-level library for event-driven programming in PHP.

Pyramid is a web client that accesses olap cube data

Weave: the Docker Network

MX is a standard library for skinning components in Adobe Flex.

Spark is the new component skinning library introduced in Adobe Flex 4.

The Spring Security REST Grails plugin allows you to use Spring Security for a stateless, token-based, RESTful authentication.

Alice is an expressive fixtures generator. It is used to generate sample data for e.g. unit testing or pre-filling of databases.

Use the "jenkins-pipeline" tag instead for problems using the "Pipeline" (formerly known as Workflow) plugin suite for Jenkins continuous integration.

A large scale machine learning toolbox.

Cycle2 is a versatile slideshow plugin for jQuery built around ease-of-use. It supports a declarative initialization style that allows full customization without any scripting. Simply include the plugin, declare your markup, and Cycle2 does the rest.

The App Runtime for Chrome (Beta) is a project to run Android apps on Chrome OS, which aims to create a more seamless user experience across Android OS and Chrome OS.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;ARc apps can be created by using the ARC Welder

Long Short Term Memory.

Dlib is a general purpose cross platform open source software library written in C++

CacheManager (http://cachemanager.net/) is an open source caching abstraction layer for .NET written in C#. It supports various cache providers and implements many advanced features.

Encouraging users to solve a challenge using as many different languages as they know. The end goal is to demonstrate how the same challenge is accomplished in different programming languages.

DroneKit-Python is for questions on the Python library for the DroneKit set of APIs for drones from 3D Robotics.

DroneKit is for general architectural or setup questions for 3D Robotics drone APIs.

easybook is PHP application that lets you easily publish books in various electronic formats.

Pants is a build system for software. It works particularly well for a source code workspace containing many distinct but interdependent pieces.

A free and also commercial library which supports hooking unmanaged APIs with managed code. This is the alternative to easy-hook in .NET platform.

Mosaic plots and image-plots use color and area in a 2-d discrete matrix to display "three way" categorical relationships.

An index where data is stored by columns as compared to the traditional storage by rows. This enables much higher data compression saving time on disk I/O and also makes analytics queries much faster since they typically aggregate and group data by columns.

ECMAScript Internationalization API

`file_put_contents()` is a PHP function which writes a string to a file.

Indesign's builtin grep function.

CTR is a mode of operation for block ciphers where a nonce and (block-)counter are encrypted together by the block cipher and the result is XORed with the plaintext. This effectively transforms a block cipher into a stream cipher. Questions having this tag should be about the proper use and intricacies associated with the CTR mode.

NTRUSign is digital signature algorithm based on lattices which is assumed to be quantum computer secure in contrast to RSA and ECC. Questions specifically about NTRUSign which are not related to programming should be asked on http://crypto.stackexchange.com/

Inline language for documenting angularjs applications

Trepn Profiler is a power and performance profiling app for Android devices, available on Google Play.

InnoTools Downloader is an Inno Setup script and DLL which allows you to download files as part of your installation.

InnoDownloadPlugin (IDP) is a download plugin for Inno Setup. It allows to build webinstallers.

CoffeeLint is a style checker that helps keep CoffeeScript code clean and consistent.

"A react-inspired view framework for iOS," developed initially at Facebook and open-sourced in March 2015. Full documentation available at http://componentkit.org/.

An open source Objective-C++ view framework for iOS that is heavily inspired by React.

VFIO is a secure userspace driver framework for Linux, making use of hardware IOMMU enforced device isolation.

Network Service Discovery (NSD) allows the identification of devices on the local network that support the services your software requests.

Reasonable Standard* for CSS Stylesheet Structure.

Baidu is a Chinese web services provider that offers APIs for cloud-based storage and application testing, in-app ads, location-based services, analytics, search and others.

ADOdb is a an open source PHP database abstraction layer, schema management tool, session management and date/time library . The project website can be found at (http://adodb.org)

Java 10 refers to upcoming release version 10 of the Java platform.

A user-defined function (UDF) is a function provided by the user of a program or environment, in a context where the usual assumption is that functions are built into the program or environment. Although the term is widely known in Hadoop components such Hive and Pig, it is also used in other contexts such programming languages and some DBMSs.

HaxePunk is a 2d game engine written in Haxe for cross-platform deployment.

Django-cron lets you run Django/Python code on a recurring basis proving basic plumbing to track and execute tasks.

A full-stack Java/Flex/AJAX framework to develop desktop-like rich internet applications

Google Input Tools is an input method editor which allows users to enter text in any of the supported languages using a Latin (English / QWERTY) keyboard

Pixel density, or resolution, is the measurement of pixels per inch/centimeter of devices such as computer displays, smartphones, scanners, or image sensors.

Cordova iOS is an iOS application library that allows for Cordova-based projects to be built for the iOS Platform. Cordova based applications are, at the core, applications written with web technology: HTML, CSS and JavaScript

Parse log files, generate metrics for Graphite and Ganglia

SBT is an open source build tool for Scala and Java projects, similar to Java's Maven or Ant.

Binary repository is a software tool designed to optimize the download and storage of binary files used and produced in software development. It centralizes the management of all the binary artifacts generated and used by the organization to overcome the incredible complexity arising from the diversity of binary artifact types, their position in the overall workflow and the set of dependencies between them.

Oracle function similar to the LIKE condition, but REGEXP_LIKE performs regular expression pattern matching.&#xD;&#xA;See also REGEXP_INSTR, REGEXP_REPLACE, REGEXP_SUBSTR and REGEXP_COUNT for other functions extended to use regular expressions.

Delphi XE8 is a specific version of Delphi released in April 2015.

A wrapper around JSHint to allow linting of files containing JSX syntax.

Validate files with JSXHint.

Flysystem, introduced in Laravel 5.0, is a file system abstraction layer that allows local file systems and cloud-based storage services provided by Amazon S3 and Rackspace Cloud to be used transparently and in the same way.

Identity Toolkit is a complete authentication service for any site or app. By providing a secure authentication database and optimized sign-in flows, Identity Toolkit helps you get back to building the features that matter.

a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets in HTML files.

A python wrapper for the geo-mapping Leaflet.js library.

MessageFormat (PluralFormat + SelectFormat) is a mechanism for handling both pluralization and gender in applications.

DroneKit-Android is for questions about building an Android app with the DroneKit set of APIs for drones from 3D Robotics.

A distributed lock manager (DLM) provides distributed software applications with a means to synchronize their accesses to shared resources.&#xD;&#xA;DLMs have been used as the foundation for several successful clustered file systems, in which the machines in a cluster can use each other's storage via a unified file system, with significant advantages for performance and availability.

Napa is a simple framework for building Rack based APIs using Grape, Roar and ActiveRecord.

ActiveRecord Mixin for Safe Destroys

jQAssistant is an open source source code analytics tool that scans various aspects of a software project into a graph database (neo4j). &#xD;&#xA;It makes the raw data available for analytics and querying with Cypher but also allows to enrich the graph with higher level concepts. Features a plugin architecture and build integration. See: http://jqassistant.org

A little library for text analysis with RNNs

Apache Geode is an open source, distributed in-memory database for scale-out applications that is currently part of The Apache Software Foundation Incubator.

MEGAsync is desktop tool for Windows, giving MEGA account holders access to their cloud-based files via their computers.

Amazon's DynamoDB Local test tool. DynamoDB Local is a client-side database that supports the complete DynamoDB API, but doesn’t manipulate any tables or data in DynamoDB itself.

OpenID Connect Provider and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server Framework based on Katana.

PHP-ZooKeeper is a PHP extension which uses libzookeeper library to provide API for communicating with the ZooKeeper service.&#xD;&#xA;ZooKeeper is an Apache project that enables centralized service for maintaining configuration information, naming, providing distributed synchronization, and providing group services.

Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.

An online booking system and reservation software for Joomla and Wordpress.

A class property, in some object-oriented programming languages, is a particular type of property that applies to a class rather than an instance of the class.&#xD;&#xA;

All about integrating PayPal API with PHP

E10s (Electrolysis) is a project to turn Firefox in a multi-process browser, where the browser and web content are run in separate processes.

`iverilog` is a compiler that translates Verilog source code into executable programs for simulation, or other netlist formats for further processing.

The `haven` package for `R`

For questions related to 8.3 version of the iOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use iOS tag

OneSignal is mobile and web push notification and push messaging service and API. Developers and marketers use OneSignal to deliver and track targeted transactional and promotional messages to their customers.

For questions specific to Firebird 3.0. It is advisable to also tag with firebird.

[Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0 data provider]: Used by Microsoft Access And as an integrated and improved ACE engine whose development started by taking a code snapshot of the original JET code base and upgraded to support 64-bit version and to enhance the integration with SharePoint related technologies and Web services generally.

This tag should be used for questions about the nullability annotations added to Objective-C with Xcode 6.3.

gulp-uncss is a gulp plugin that can remove unused CSS selectors.

A python library for persistent caching to memory, disk, or database

JavaScript for OS X Applications, also known as JXA.

Digital design application for Mac, produced by Bohemian Coding.

ICU - International Components for Unicode

a Java API for interacting with Microsoft Intellitype commands

forbiddenfruit is a Python library that allows patching built in objects http://clarete.github.com/forbiddenfruit/

In genetic algorithms, crossover is a genetic operator used to vary the programming of a chromosome or chromosomes from one generation to the next.

MASON is a fast discrete-event multiagent simulation library core in Java, designed to be the foundation for large custom-purpose Java simulations, and also to provide more than enough functionality for many lightweight simulation needs. MASON contains both a model library and an optional suite of visualization tools in 2D and 3D.

The .ddf file extension is related to the data definition file format used in database management systems and other programs

Fresco is an Android library (supports Android 2.3 and above) developed by Facebook and dedicated to image loading. It handles such image operations as downloading, caching, transforming and drawing. Fresco provides useful out of the box features like progressive JPEG streaming and offers a lot of customization.

The winshell module is a light wrapper around the Windows shell functionality.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It includes convenience functions for accessing special folders, for using the shell’s file copy, rename & delete functionality, and a certain amount of support for structured storage.

The apiman project is an open source API Management platform, coupling a rich API design & configuration layer with a blazingly fast runtime.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

A dissimilarity metric to compute distance between a point and a distribution.

JavaScript driver for selenium test automation.

The Glance project provides a service where users can upload and discover data assets that are meant to be used with other services. This currently includes images and metadata definitions.

Shakespeare Programming Language is an esoteric programming language created with the design goal to make the source code resemble Shakespeare plays.

`web-component-tester` is a tool for testing [Polymer](https://www.polymer-project.org/)-based web components.

Logstash File Input stream events from Files

Logstash configuration has three main sections - Input, Filter and Output. Each section has configurations for each plugin available in that section.

J48 is an open source Java implementation of the C4.5 algorithm in the Weka data mining tool.

dummynet is a live network emulation tool, originally designed for testing networking protocols, and since then used for a variety of applications including bandwidth management.

Commerce Kickstart is a Drupal distribution that provides a fully functioning Drupal Commerce installation.

The Mobicents Communication Platform is the best architecture to create, deploy and manage services and applications integrating voice, video and data across a range of IP and legacy communications networks.

A Laravel package that provides an expressive, fluent interface to Stripe's subscription billing services.

MeTA is a Data Science C++ toolkit which aims at improving and complement the current body of open source machine learning and information retrieval software.

The IP Multimedia Subsystem or IP Multimedia Core Network Subsystem (IMS) is an architectural framework for delivering IP multimedia services.

Tarantool is a Lua application server with a built-in database.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It's best to think of as a Redis or Memcached with high level of customization. Alternatively, it's Node.JS with object persistency and master-master replication.

JSR 203 is the umbrella under which the new (for Java 7) file API (also known as NIO2) was created.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;JSR 203 allows to have FileSystem implementations over any storage medium which can be viewed as a filesystem from a user perspective; the JRE provides a default implementation for your local machine, but also a provider for FileSystems over zip files. Other implementations exist over FTP, DropBox, box.com, in memory and a few others.

Apache Ignite, In-Memory Data Fabric is a high-performance, integrated and distributed in-memory platform for computing and transacting on large-scale data sets in real-time, orders of magnitude faster than possible with traditional disk-based or flash technologies.

Numpy universal functions are "vectorized" functions operating on elements (element by element) on a Numpy array.

The IBM Watson Personality Insights service uses linguistic analytics to infer cognitive and social characteristics, including Big Five, Values, and Needs, from communications that the user makes available, such as email, text messages, tweets, forum posts, and more. By deriving cognitive and social preferences, the service helps users to understand, connect to, and communicate with other people on a more personalized level.

Turing is a Pascal-like programming language developed in 1982 by Ric Holt and James Cordy, then of University of Toronto, Canada. Turing is a descendant of Euclid, Pascal and SP/k that features a clean syntax and precise machine-independent semantics.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

a web font packaging format

A mobile-first, responsive, and performance proven framework for developing the modern web from Google&#xD;&#xA;

The ngClass directive allows you to dynamically set CSS classes on an HTML element by databinding an expression that represents all classes to be added.

Use this for Boxfuse deployments of JVM, Node.js and Go apps applications on VirtualBox and AWS.

Shorewall is a gateway/firewall configuration tool for GNU/Linux.

This is the place for information about Nokia's HERE SDK APIs for iOS, which allow you to embed HERE Maps into your iOS Devices.

Returns the statistical standard deviation for the population for all values in the specified expression.

Returns the statistical standard deviation of all values in the specified expression.

Osmarender is a rule-based rendering tool for generating SVG images of OSM data

Lumen is a "micro-framework" built on top of Laravel's components, and is the official micro-framework of Laravel. Lumen is targeted at microservices--small, loosely-coupled components that usually support and enhance a core project.

Request - Simplified HTTP client

OpenERP is an open-source enterprise resource planning (ERP) software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A. OpenERP is an open source alternative to SAP ERP, Oracle E-Business Suite, Microsoft Dynamics, Netsuite, Adempiere, Compiere, OFBiz, Openbravo, and other enterprise resource planning software.

A WordPress plugin which adds multilingual content management and translation support.

A massive open online course (MOOC) is an online course aimed at unlimited participation and open access via the web.

Uppaal is an integrated tool environment for modeling, validation and verification of real-time systems modeled as networks of timed automata, extended with data types (bounded integers, arrays, etc.).

ResearchKit is an open source software framework that makes it easy to create apps for medical research or for other research projects.

Open edX is an open source CMS and LMS system to create MOOC courses and display them online. As such, it does not refer to the courses content, nor to edX website (edx.org) run by MIT & Hardvard.

Logic Apps are part of Azure App Service. They attempt to allow users or developers to automate business process execution and workflow via an easy to use visual designer.

Ionic View makes it easy to share your Ionic and Cordova apps with clients and testers around the world, all without ever going through the App Store.

Mollie is an online payment processor. The company is based in the Netherlands. They support iDEAL, credit card, PayPal, and Bitcoin, among other options. There is an HTTP API as well as PHP, Ruby, Node.js, and Python libraries.

jQuery plugin for date, time, or datetime manipulation in form

Occurs when an AppDomain is about to be unloaded.

The JavaScript Development Tools (JSDT) provide plug-ins that implement an IDE supporting the development of JavaScript applications and JavaScript within web applications.

Jigoshop is an open-source content management system for eCommerce web sites based on WordPress.

Amazon Marketplace is Amazon.com's fixed-price online marketplace which enables sellers to offer new and used items alongside Amazon's regular offerings. Customers can buy those items directly from third-party sellers. Amazon.com charges the buyer's credit card and sends his or her payment to the seller, but does not pass along any credit-card information.

Related to the version 2 of XUnit : https://github.com/xunit/xunit/releases

A development platform for enterprise mobile applications&#xD;&#xA;

watchOS is Apple's operating system for Apple Watches. Optimized for touch-based interfaces, this OS has a lot in common with iOS, which is the operating system for Apple's mobile devices, but shouldn't be confused with it.

Apache POI - XSLF - Java API to Handle Microsoft Powerpoint pptx Files

HSLF is the Apache POI Project's pure Java implementation of the Microsoft Powerpoint '97(-2007) file format.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;HSLF provides a way to read, create or modify PowerPoint presentations. In particular, it provides:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

The Unix `head` command displays the leading lines of a file.

Android APIs for manipulation of PDF content.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Reference: https://developer.android.com/reference/android/graphics/pdf/package-summary.html

.pyz is the file extension dedicated for self-contained Python applications in a zip archive.

Opera Blink refers to the Opera browser from (desktop) version 15 onwards, which uses the Blink rendering engine (a fork of WebKit).

Fluxible is a pluggable, singleton-free container for isomorphic Flux applications.

Opera Presto refers to older versions of the Opera browser - up to version 12.x - which used the Presto rendering engine (before Opera switched to using Blink from version 15 onwards in 2013).

Questions about new/changed features in version 7 of the ECMAScript specification

Up to date remote data access for pandas: http://pandas-datareader.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

StatePrinter is a .NET library for string representation of arbitrary objects

A jQuery plug-in for carousel.

Responsive Mobile Menu Plugin for jQuery

The cgitb module provides a special exception handler for Python scripts.

ogr2ogr is used to convert simple features data between file formats performing various operations during the process such as spatial or attribute selections, reducing the set of attributes, setting the output coordinate system or even reprojecting the features during translation.&#xD;&#xA;

Win2D is an easy-to-use Windows Runtime API for immediate mode 2D graphics.

Cmocka is a C unit testing framework

`dojo/request/xhr` deprecates `dojo/_base/xhr` and is part of Dojo’s Request API.

Microchip's 16-bit dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers

Parcelable code generator for Google Android.

CSS-preprocessors are languages written for the sole purpose of adding cool, inventive features to CSS while requiring minimal, yet efficient, code. They do this by compiling the code written into regular CSS that can be used in any browser, maintaining browser compatibility.

The play.api.libs.json package contains data structures for representing JSON data&#xD;&#xA;and utilities for converting between these data structures and other data representations.

Search Regex adds a set of search and replace functions to WordPress. The driving force behind this plugin is to aid in website migration and upgrading. The primary reason for the plugin was to aid in relocating directories. Web site URL: https://wordpress.org/plugins/search-regex/screenshots/

The Steamworks API is the official API for development for Steam games, applications, etc. It is available to registered developers who have a Steamworks account. The current version is 1.32.

FREJ (Fuzzy Regular Expressions for Java) is a library for approximate string matching or substring searching with the help of regular expressions.

Apivore is a Ruby set of rSpec extensions that simplify the process of unit testing Swagger APIs

Java security technology is set of libraries, tools, and implementations of commonly used security algorithms, mechanisms, and protocols including cryptography, public key infrastructure, secure communication, authentication, and access control

ANSI-SPARC Architecture, an abstract design standard for Database Management Systems

Spring Statemachine is a framework for application developers to use state machine concepts with Spring applications.

RecyclerView is a more advanced and flexible version of ListView. It was introduced with the Android L Developer Preview, but is also available as part of the Support Library.

Charm++ is a machine independent parallel object oriented

Jena rules is Java-based framework for building Semantic Web applications.&#xD;&#xA;An environment for RDF, RDFS and OWL, SPARQL and includes a rule-based inference engine.&#xD;&#xA;Three kind of rules (according with their execution model): forward rules, backward rules and hybrid rules.

FsReveal parses markdown and F# script file and generates reveal.js slides. : https://github.com/fsprojects/FsReveal

Slick extensions for PostgreSQL, to support a series of pg data types and related operators/functions.

Libswscale is a library for image/video scaling and colorspace/pixelformat conversion routines.

A function syntax in CoffeeScript and new in JavaScript with EcmaScript6 that syntactically resembles the lambda functions of other languages but is not just syntactic sugar. CoffeeScript has both "->" and "=>" while JavaScript has only the latter, which are also known as "fat arrow functions".

Related to Microsoft Azure Cloud Analytics system : http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/stream-analytics/

IBM® Big SQL is one of two connection environments to query data that is stored on an InfoSphere® BigInsights™ Hadoop cluster.

A service providing financial news and market data.

API Apps are part of the Azure App Service suite that also includes web apps, mobile apps, and logic apps.

This tag deals with [tag:maya] API questions, as opposed to Maya scripting interfaces.

opensmppbox is an addon to the Kannel messaging gateway to serve as an SMSC and receive incoming SMPP connections.

 switch mode of "multi-state" USB devices

The Spring Web model-view-controller (MVC) framework.

Related to the version 5 of SOLR search engine : http://lucene.apache.org/solr/

ice-js is track changes functionality into javascript. It works on contentEditable nodes on DOM object.

EasyAdmin is a Symfony bundle that lets you create administration backends for Symfony applications with unprecedented simplicity.

OpenFX is an open standard for visual effects plug-ins.&#xD;&#xA;Documentation and example code available from http://openfx.sourceforge.net/ and information about the OpenFX Association from http://openeffects.org/

Obsolete versions of Rust, not compatible with Rust v1.0.

Textbox.io is a WYSIWYG HTML editor SDK designed for mobile and desktop.

Open web-services and APIs provided by LinkedIn

A Venn diagram or set diagram is a diagram that shows all possible logical relations between a finite collection of different sets.

ISO/IEC 15693 is a series of ISO standards for vicinity coupling RFID systems.

nghttp2 is a HTTP/2 C library

Standalone Android widget for picking a single date from a calendar view

For all the questions related to the Scala POI Wrapping Objects Library

LokiJS is an in-memory JavaScript datastore wih persistence.

OpenAL Soft is a cross-platform, software implementation of OpenAL 3D audio API.

Common Lisp the Language, 2nd edition

VideoCore is an audio and video manipulation and streaming graph library for iOS.

The Smart Chinese Analysis plugin integrates Lucene Smart Chinese analysis module into elasticsearch.

The Outlook REST APIs include the Mail, Calendar, and Contacts APIs in Office 365.

jQuery plugin that uses HTML5 for draggable and sortable lists.

MatCaffe is a MATLAB interface for the deep-learning framework Caffe.

DUCC (Distributed UIMA Cluster Computing) is a Linux cluster controller designed to scale out any UIMA pipeline for high throughput collection processing jobs as well as for low latency real-tme applications. DUCC, a part of the Apache UIMA project, is primarily intended for research and development activities where multiple users need to efficiently share bare metal cluster resources for a wide variety of computational activities.

EPiServer is a web content management and e-commerce software platform based on the Microsoft .NET stack.

AirWatch is a mobility management solution for every device type, OS and use case. Its platform integrates with any enterprise system regardless of type, platform or ownership, from one central console.

Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI)® is a specification developed by IMS Global Learning Consortium. The principal concept of LTI is to establish a standard way of integrating rich learning applications

DevOps ("development" and "operations") is a software development method that stresses communication, collaboration, integration, automation, and measurement of cooperation between software developers and other IT professionals.

Prophet is a risk management platform used by the financial services industry to model companies’ financial business.

Sparksee (formerly known as DEX) is a scalable high-performance graph database.

With Simple, you get a stylish Simple Visa® Card, no surprise fees, and powerful budgeting and savings tools built right into your account—all accessible via web, iPhone, and Android.

This library adds support for the Action Bar user interface design pattern. This library includes support for material design user interface implementations.

A new colormap for MATLAB

JSData is a framework-agnostic, storage-agnostic, in-memory data store.

For question directly about programming 'system-on-chip' or writing 'hardware description language' code for these systems.

NULL

The popt library exists essentially for parsing command-line options. It is found superior in many ways when compared to parsing the `argv` array by hand or using the `getopt` functions `getopt()` and `getopt_long()`.

An open-source library to torify your application.

A grid control especially designed for bootstrap

Fast, full-stack, headless browser testing using Node.js

Camel component for database access through jdbc api

A Flask extension for handling Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS), making cross-origin AJAX possible.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Data analytics refer to aggregating, analyzing and presenting information about business activities. This definition is paramount, when designing a solution to address a data analysis use case. Aggregation refers to the collection of data, analysis refers to the manipulation of data to extract information, and presentation refers to representing this data visually or in other ways such as alerts.

Maximo Anywhere is a Worklight/MobileFirst based set of mobile applications to support the Maximo Asset Management product suite.

CAAT is an scene graph director-based animation framework for javascript.

Leon is an automated system for verifying, repairing, and synthesizing Scala programs.

Markdown Syntax for Object Notation (MSON)

Apache Flex Squiggly is a ActionScript spell checking library.

An HTML5 2D rendering engine that uses webGL with canvas fallback.

OpenGL ES is a subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones and tablets. Version 3.1 follows version 3.0, and is backwards compatible to versions 3.0 and 2.0. The specification was publicly released on March 17, 2014.

ArtifactDeployer plugin enables you to archive build artifacts to any remote locations such as to a separate file server (outside of JENKINS_HOME directory).

WampSharp is an implementation of WAMP (the Web Application Messaging Protocol) for .NET

The Functor-Applicative-Monad proposal is an overhaul of the Haskell type-class hierarchy, which was implemented in GHC 7.10, and according to which Monad became a subclass of Applicative (itself already a subclass of Functor).

AdSense anchor ads are representing a feature of AdSense

Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.5

JSQMessagesViewController is an elegant messages UI library for iOS. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://jessesquires.com/JSQMessagesViewController

Ahoy provides a solid foundation to track visits and events in Ruby, JavaScript, and native apps.&#xD;&#xA;

Hashids is a small open-source library that generates short, unique, non-sequential ids from numbers.

A WebGL JavaScript interactive maps library that can render Mapbox Vector Tiles.

vector map SDK for iOS & Android based on OSM data

The FrameworkBenchmarks project benchmarks 100+ web frameworks, enabling very rough comparisons between them

The Java language client API for Couchbase databases, both versions 1 and 2.

ECMAScript is the name of the Ecma International Standard 262. It is based on the scripting language JavaScript which was delivered by Netscape to Ecma for standardization. The 3rd Edition was published in 1999 following the 2nd edition of the specification which was published in 1998. It adds new features including regular expressions, numeric formatting, and try/catch exception handling.

Reqif is a Requirements Interchange format standardized by the Object Management group

Hex is a package manager for the Erlang ecosystem.

QuincyKit is a live management of crash reports for Mac OS X and iOS.

Cats is a proof-of-concept library intended to provide abstractions for functional programming in Scala

In computer operating systems, demand paging (as opposed to anticipatory paging) is a method of virtual memory management. In a system that uses demand paging, the operating system copies a disk page into physical memory only if an attempt is made to access it and that page is not already in memory (i.e., if a page fault occurs).

The Unicode Common Locale Data Repository, a repository of data for localization including calendar and collation.

The Unicode Collation Algorithm

Adds an option to IntelliJ to import drawables in different resolutions from AndroidIcons, own "drawable repos" and scale a certain image down/up to the defined resolutions.

drafter is the parser harness for API Blueprint C++ parser, snowcrash

NULL

Bridge.NET is an open source C# to JavaScript compiler.

Business process networks (BPN), also referred to as business service networks or business process hubs, enable the efficient execution of multi-enterprise operational processes, including supply chain planning and execution. A BPN extends and implements an organization's Service-orientation in Enterprise Applications.

A global transaction identifier (GTID) is a unique identifier created and associated with each transaction committed on the server of origin (master). This identifier is unique not only to the server on which it originated, but is unique across all servers in a given replication setup. There is a 1-to-1 mapping between all transactions and all GTIDs.

Buildozer is a tool for creating application packages easily.

QPX Express gives you global airline pricing and shopping in a single, standard API

Xcode 6.3.1 is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE). This tag should only be used for questions about Xcode itself, and not for general Mac or iOS programming topics. Use [cocoa] for Mac programming questions, and [cocoa-touch] or [ios] for iOS programming questions.

MUnit is a Mule application testing framework that allows you to easily build automated tests for your integrations and APIs. It provides a full suite of integration and unit test capabilities, and is fully integrated with Maven and Surefire for integration with your continuous deployment environment.

COPY is an SQL command in PostgreSQL to move data between files and tables. There is also the meta-command \copy in the psql interface.

shortcut for Video Random Access Memory, It is memory specially dedicated to store and represent visual data.

a gulp plugin that can wrap the stream contents with lodash template.

NULL

Db-First is an approach used in Entity Framework ORM which means the database tables model comes first than model.

Base class for activities that use the support library action bar features.&#xD;&#xA;

Angular Grid is a high performance and feature rich data grid for AngularJS.

A simple options framework for WordPress themes and plugins.

Kong is open-source management layer for APIs, focused on high performance and reliability.

Dandelion is a free and Open Source Java framework aimed at making web development simpler in JVM-based environments.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It helps to manipulate the web assets (JS, CSS) in many ways: good organization and classical optimizations like minification, compression or caching. It also facilitates the integration of powerful JavaScript libraries thanks to a set of extensible components.

Simple, modern, thread-safe key-value observing for iOS and OS X.

The akka-camel module allows Untyped Actors to receive and send messages over a great variety of protocols and APIs. In addition to the native Scala and Java actor API, actors can now exchange messages with other systems over large number of protocols and APIs such as HTTP, SOAP, TCP, FTP, SMTP or JMS, to mention a few. At the moment, approximately 80 protocols and APIs are supported.

Cordova (PhoneGap) development targeting Microsoft(R) Windows(TM) 10.

Envoyer is a zero downtime PHP deployment service.

PRTG is an extensible network monitoring product from Paessler AG. This tag should be used primarily for the API side of this product and programming custom-built sensors, rather than question about the product itself.

Asynchronous JavaScript is a technique to load JavaScript asynchronously using async and defer attributes or script tag injection. Not to be confused with AJAX.

libpg is the C client library to access a Postgres database

unique multidimensional array&#xD;&#xA;

Octopus Deploy tool to create nuget packages of your builds.

Android 4.0.3 (ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH_MR1) is an incremental release of the Android 4.x (Ice Cream Sandwich) platform family.

An open source visual studio extension to cleanup, dig through and simplify C#, C++, F#, VB, PHP, JSON, XAML, XML, ASP, HTML, CSS, LESS, SCSS, JavaScript and TypeScript coding.

A component loader for RactiveJS. Visit https://github.com/ractivejs/ractive-load

An OpenStack cloud with ubuntu OS

Electron (formerly Atom Shell) is a framework created by GitHub that lets you write cross-platform desktop applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Electron is based upon Node.js and Chromium.

HippyBot is a HipChat bot written in Python with a simple plugin API.

A Flux-compliant library in Javascript

jQueryUI Drag and Drop for AngularJS

Git completion provides support for auto completing git commands.

Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS application. The ngApp directive designates the root element of the application and is typically placed near the root element of the page - e.g. on the <body> or <html> tags.

The UTL_MATCH package facilitates matching two records. This is typically used to match names, such as two First Names or two Last Names.

Facebook Graph API v2.3 is now available to use, adding new login permissions, a new debug mode for developers and updates to Real-time Updates. Along with it, more APIs are being depreciated towards the end of June 2015.

Fragments are useful when we want to support multiple screen size. To manage fragments we need a FragmentManager that helps you to handle trasaction between fragments.

OpenNaaS is an open source platform for provisioning network resources. It allows the deployment and automated configuration of dynamic network infrastructures and defines a vendor-independent interface to access services provided by these resources.

Twenty Twenty is a jQuery Plugin to make it easy to spot/highlight the differences between two images.

Realm is a databasing system for iOS and Android mobile applications. Then a change is made in the database model it must be "Migrated" to the 'realm' for it to be incorporated into the database scheme.

Extension to the Team Foundation Server build process that will perform all of the necessary nuget packaging and deployment functions in a customizable and completely repeatable way.&#xD;&#xA;

Vim plugin for Haskell development powered by the lightnight fast hdevtools background server.

Version 7 is the latest major version of concrete5

Azure App Service Environment provides apps with higher scale options and direct corporate connectivity. Apps have expanded scaling head-room with new compute resources and gain secure, direct access over virtual networks to corporate resources connected via Site-to-Site or ExpressRoute connections.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Lean more at http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/partners/microsoft/appserviceenvironment/

Visual Studio Code is a source code and text editor for Linux, OS X, and Windows. It includes support for debugging, embedded Git Control, and rich development experiences such as intelligent code completion. It is developed by Microsoft and is available for free.

Azure App Service Environment provides apps with higher scale options and direct corporate connectivity. Apps have expanded scaling head-room with new compute resources and gain secure, direct access over virtual networks to corporate resources connected via Site-to-Site or ExpressRoute connections.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Lean more at http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/partners/microsoft/appserviceenvironment/

Couchbase Buckets: provide data persistence and data replication. Data stored in Couchbase Buckets is highly-available and reconfigurable without server downtime. They can survive node failures and restore data plus allow cluster reconfiguration while still fulfilling service requests.

DNVM is the .NET Version Manager, a set of command line utilities to update and configure which .NET Runtime to use.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;This project is part of ASP.NET 5. You can find samples, documentation and getting started instructions for ASP.NET 5 at https://github.com/aspnet/dnvm

NULL

Anko is JetBrains library for Android application development

The NelmioCorsBundle allows you to send Cross-Origin Resource Sharing headers with ACL-style per-URL configuration in Symfony framework

c++11 library to ease hashing of user-defined types

Microsoft Edge is a web browser for Windows 10, replacing Internet Explorer. Microsoft Edge uses the EdgeHTML layout engine (a fork of Trident) and Chakra Javascript engine.

Reportico is an open-source web-based reporting/BI tool developed in PHP.

Babeltrace is an open source trace format converter.

As of PHP 5.4.0, the CLI SAPI provides a built-in web server was designed to aid application development (It is not intended to be a full-featured web server).

Composite-literals are a way of declaring and allocating resources in the Go programming language.

RewriteLog is an Apache directive that sets the name of the file to which the server logs any rewriting actions it performs.

Related to the Xcode projects targets. They may have multiple for one project and can be of different types (applications, extensions, libraries, unit tests, etc.).

Java Money and Currency API for the Java

Voxeo Prophecy is an interactive voice response software created by Voxeo Corp.

Azure Service Fabric is a distributed systems platform used to build scalable, reliable, and easily-managed applications for the cloud. Service Fabric addresses the challenges in developing and managing cloud applications. By using Service Fabric developers and administrators can avoid solving complex infrastructure problems and focus instead on implementing mission critical, demanding workloads knowing that they are scalable, reliable, and manageable.

a fast and efficient open source image loading library for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface.

Socko Web Server. An embedded Scala web server powered by Netty networking and Akka processing.&#xD;&#xA;

Modular ReactJS charts made using d3 chart utilities. https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-d3

NumPy's `einsum` function implements the Einstein summation convention for multidimensional array objects.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag for questions about how `einsum`

lmfit is a Python library for Least-Squares Minimization with Bounds and Constraints.

Tag for Neo4j questions related to the LOAD CSV command.

Feature detection is the practice in web development of determining whether a browser or device supports a certain feature, so as to provide fallbacks for older browsers or allow enhanced functionality in more capable modern browsers.

Profile picture refers to the picture a user is currently using as the main/primary picture associated with their account.

Industrial strength NLP with Python and Cython

JSONAPI-Resources is a Ruby library to write clients and servers for the JSONAPI standard.

LAME is a recursive acronym for "LAME Ain't an MP3 Encoder"

rustdoc is the documentation generator for the Rust programming language.

JOptimizer is a pure Java library for solving

The QFuture class in Qt Api which represents the result of an asynchronous computation.

BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy) is an algorithm for evaluating the quality of text which has been machine-translated from one natural language to another.

Qt Linguist is a tool for adding translations to Qt applications. Release managers, translators, and developers can use Qt Linguist

EditorConfig helps developers define and maintain consistent coding styles between different editors and IDEs. The EditorConfig project consists of a file format for defining coding styles and a collection of text editor plugins that enable editors to read the file format and adhere to defined styles. EditorConfig files are easily readable and they work nicely with version control systems.

ML-yacc is a parser generator for for Standard ML.

Feathers is a library that extends Express - one of the most popular web frameworks for NodeJS - with the ability to easily create shared RESTful web services and real-time APIs using SocketIO and other websocket libraries.

Rhinoceros (typically abbreviated Rhino, or Rhino3D) is a commercial 3D computer graphics and computer-aided design (CAD) application.

JavaServer Faces (JSF) is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create HTML form based web applications. 2.3 is the version name.

Constrains the text to a single horizontally scrolling line

Window function with coefficients proposed by Richard W. Hamming.

Tabling is a memoization technique for Prolog and in general Tabled Logic Programming that improves efficiency and termination.

Sonos is a home music system (dubbed "Wireless Hi-Fi") that aggregates music from a variety of sources (online subscription-based services and from the local network). Sonos devices (speakers and audio components) are controlled by Sonos-developed applications (iOS, Android, Mac, Windows).

Lightweight Angular directive to upload files.

The NelmioApiDocBundle bundle allows you to generate a decent documentation for your APIs.

A WordPress plugin for integration with MailChimp.

A plugin for the popular jQuery plugin jsTree. jsTree-dnd (drag and drop) makes it possible to drag and drop tree nodes and rearrange the tree.

A jQuery plugin that enhances an HTML Select Box.

PackageInstaller offers the ability to install, upgrade, and remove applications on the Android devices.

Anchor Modeling is an agile database modeling technique suited for information that changes over time both in structure and content.

Microsoft Hierarchical FlexGrid

Freewall is a cross-browser and responsive jQuery plugin to help you create many types of grid layouts: flexible layouts, images layouts, nested grid layouts, metro style layouts, pinterest like layouts ... with nice CSS3 animation effects and call back events. Freewall is all-in-one solution for creating dynamic grid layouts for desktop, mobile and tablet.

This is a C-language AMQP client library for use with v2.0+ of the RabbitMQ broker.

Boost Intrusive is a library presenting some intrusive containers to the world of C++. Intrusive containers are special containers that offer better performance and exception safety guarantees than non-intrusive containers (like STL containers)

Xamarin Forms Labs is an open source project that aims to provide a powerful and cross platform set of controls and helpers tailored to work with Xamarin Forms.

Swampdragon is a real time web application framework built with Django and Python.

XperiDo is a server side document generation and delivery platform.

An R package for attaching labels to points, lines and contours in ggplot and lattice plots

A JavaScript implementation of the DOM Level 3 XPath specification.

Google Cloud Bigtable is a fast, fully managed, massively scalable NoSQL database service designed for applications requiring terabytes to petabytes of data. Cloud Bigtable doesn't require you to sacrifice speed, scale, or cost efficiency when your applications grow.

A primary toolbar within the activity that may display the activity title, application-level navigation affordances, and other interactive items.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Beginning with Android 3.0 (API level 11)

Laravel Envoy provides a clean, minimal syntax for defining common tasks you run on your remote servers. Using a Blade style syntax, you can easily setup tasks for deployment, Artisan commands, and more.

QGraphicsPixmapItem is a class of Qt (a cross-platform application development framework).

The Processador P3 is a pedagogical processor simulator, with assembler, defined in the textbook : Arquitectura de Computadores: dos Sistemas Digitais aos Microprocessadores

A lightweight wrapper around SQLiteOpenHelper which introduces reactive stream semantics to SQL operations

SQLLine is a pure-Java console-based utility for connecting to relational databases and executing SQL commands. It is similar to other command-line database access utilities like sqlplus for Oracle, mysql for MySQL, and isql for Sybase/SQL Server. Since it is pure-Java, it is platform independent and will run on any platform that can run Java 1.3 or higher.

A grid for ASP.NET MVC and Bootstrap with ajax paging and sorting. Also has filtering support, export to csv, back button support, and graceful degradation.

Questions using this tag should be about topics specifically related to

Questions with this tag should be about code targeting this processor. The Intel 80286 is a 16-bit microprocessor that was introduced in 1982.

PHRETS is a PHP client library for interacting with a RETS server to pull real estate listings, photos and other data made available from an MLS system.

Xamarin.Forms is a cross-platform UI toolkit that allows developers to easily create native user interface layouts that can be shared across Android, iOS, and Windows Phone.

Stetho is a debug bridge for Android applications

The Google Admin SDK allows developers to write applications to manage Google Apps domains, migrate from and integrate with existing IT infrastructure, create users, update settings, audit activity, and more.&#xD;&#xA;

A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.

grunt-notify is an automatic desktop notifications for Grunt errors and warnings using Growl for OS X or Windows, Mountain Lion and Mavericks Notification Center, and Notify-Send..

Mentor Graphics software to perform a functional simulation of a VHDL or Verilog HDL designs

forever task for grunt to start, stop and restart an application as a daemon.

Cumulocity is a proprietary, cloud-based Internet of Things (IoT) applications development platform.

A Ruby based DSL for building JMeter test plans&#xD;&#xA;

The C++ Actor Framework (CAF) is an open source C++11 actor model implementation featuring lightweight & fast actor implementations, pattern matching for messages, network transparent messaging, and more.&#xD;&#xA;

A library to read, parse, export and make subsets of different types of font files.

MediaProjection is an Android class that facilitates capturing the screen and recording system audio.

Icinga is an open source network and computer system monitoring application. It was originally created as a fork of the Nagios system monitoring application in 2009 &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icinga

Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Cordova-5.0.0 having many changes in CordovaWebView and plugins installation

a linear regression to determine one dependent variable based on several others

SCEditor is a lightweight WYSIWYG BBCode & HTML editor

Skype for Business is now the current Microsoft product for Communications and Collaboration, replacing Lync Server 2010 and 2013.

encrypt/decrypt Android Sqlite

Data transfer tool between Apache Hadoop and structured datastores like relational databases.

NULL

data and network storage devices

The third version of RAC is focused around Swift with support for Objective-C API's. ReactiveCocoa (RAC) is a framework inspired by Functional Reactive Programming. It provides APIs for composing and transforming streams of values.

flanneld is a control plane deamon of flannel (originally rudder), an etcd backed network fabric for containers

flannel (originally rudder) is an etcd backed network fabric for containers, an overlay network that gives a subnet to each machine for use with Kubernetes

A MongoDB based Eloquent model and Query builder for Laravel (Moloquent)

Version 2.12 of the Scala programming language.

TuesPechkin is a .NET Wrapper for the wkhtmltopdf library.

An eloquent way of importing and exporting Excel and CSV files &#xD;&#xA;for Laravel 4.* & Laravel 5.* with the power of PHPOffice's PHPExcel

ICWS stands for Interaction Center Web Services, a REST API for Interactive Intelligence's Customer Interaction Center. Post questions regarding using the API or the SDK.

Elasticsearch provides a full Query DSL based on JSON to define queries. In general, there are basic queries such as term or prefix. There are also compound queries like the bool query. Queries can also have filters associated with them such as the filtered or constant_score queries, with specific filter queries.

LeakCanary is a memory leak detection library for Android and Java.

SmartMeter is a powerful java desktop application and peformance testing tool with JMeter compliant interface.

A dialect of the LISP programming language.

NULL

A client-side router and part of the Aurelia platform

A Java / native interoperability library that focuses on speed and ease of use.

An in-browser implementation of Python.

Tinder is a location-based social discovery application.

It is so easy to prevent your online forms from automated spam by simply adding RadCaptcha to your ASP.NET application. A flexible website security component, RadCaptcha will protect your registration, comment, poll, content submission, etc. It generates distorted images of letters and numbers that are easily decipherable to humans -- but not to spam bots. In essence, it allows you to focus on your code or content -- instead of on deleting spam.

TetGen is a mesh generator written in C++, designed to partition any 3D geometry into tetrahedrons by employing a form of Delaunay triangulation.

Digits lets people create an account or sign into your app using nothing but their phone number on iOS and Android. Built using the same global, reliable infrastructure Twitter uses, Digits will verify the user’s phone number with a simple customizable user interface that easily integrates into your app.

The Android platform offers a spelling checker framework that lets you implement and access spell checking in your application. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The framework is one of the Text Service APIs offered by the Android platform.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

jQuery plugin to pile your sections one over another and access them scrolling or by URL.

OVH is an Internet Service Provider providing dedicated servers, shared and cloud hosting, domain registration, and VOIP telephony services.

This is a language extension for Selenium IDE that provides javascript-like conditionals, looping, callable functions, error catching, and JSON/XML driven parametrization.

docker-machine creates Docker Engines on your computer, on cloud providers, and/or in your data center, and then configures the Docker client to securely talk to them.

DBArtisan is the premiere database administration toolset helping DBAs maximize availability, performance and security across multiple DBMSs. This essential toolset consistently boosts productivity, streamlines routine tasks, and reduces errors. DBArtisan provides an easy-to-use, single view across all enterprise data sources featuring comprehensive capabilities for all core data management tasks.

angular-formly is an AngularJS module which has a directive to help customize and render JavaScript/JSON configured forms. The formly-form directive and the formlyConfig service are very powerful and bring unmatched maintainability to your application's forms.

The PHP version of Pattern Lab is, at its core, a static site generator. It combines platform-agnostic assets, like the Mustache-based patterns and the JavaScript-based viewer, with a PHP-based "builder" that transforms and dynamically builds the Pattern Lab site. By making it a static site generator, Pattern Lab strongly separates patterns, data, and presentation from build logic.

Map component for Kendo UI

A validation plugin for Aurelia.

RFC2217 Telnet Com Port Control Option, proposes a protocol to allow greater use of modems attached to a network for outbound dialing purposes.

A JSON parser for Erlang

The NSDistributedNotificationCenter class provides a way to send notifications to objects in other tasks.

Java wrapper for Reddit API https://github.com/jReddit/jReddit

AWS Key Management Service (KMS) is an encryption and key management service scaled for the cloud. KMS keys and functionality are used by other AWS services, and you can use them to protect data in your own applications that use AWS.

jOpenDocument is a free pure Java library for developers looking to use, create and manipulate Open Document files without OpenOffice.org.

Vorlon.js is a remote inspector and testing/debugging tool for use on any device with a web browser. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Documentation can be found here: http://vorlonjs.com/documentation/#vorlonjs-client-advanced-topics

eZ Platform is an open source professional PHP based CMS (Content Management System) built on top of Symfony framework (Full Stack)

an easy-to-use client library for making requests from Ruby

Use this tag when you ask a question about the official phonegap-facebook-plugin: https://github.com/Wizcorp/phonegap-facebook-plugin

Grunt task to run tests with Jest.

a Python-based, open-source, multidisciplinary optimization framework with support for analytic derivatives and distributed HPC computing

This is a collection of power toys (mostly experimental) and utilities for use in Firebase.

App Annie is a business intelligence company and analyst firm headquartered in San Francisco, USA. It produces a range of business intelligence tools and market reports for the apps and digital goods industry.

Node.js module for Sails.js framework

Spatial entities provided by Yahoo! GeoPlanet are referenced by a 32-bit identifier: the Where On Earth ID (WOEID). WOEIDs are unique and non-repetitive, and are assigned to all entities within the system.

A tool to prepare a PHP extension for compiling

Protocol Buffers - Google's data interchange format

The Olympus Air A01 is a 16-megapixel Micro Four Thirds sensor and mount

Disque is a distributed message queue with built in fault tolerance and at least once delivery guarantees

A hosted shopping cart and e-commerce platform that integrates with your business, including shopping cart, payment processing, marketing & affiliate management, shipping systems, product fulfilment, and accounting systems.

Prosody is an XMPP communication server which aims to be easy to set up and configure.

A generator for creating GWT java wrappers around polymer elements.

an enterprise mobility management vendor

KSTokenView is a control that displays a collection of tokens in a an editable UITextField and sends messages to delegate object. It can be used to gather small amounts of text from user and perform search operation. User can choose multiple search results, which are displayed as token in UITextField.

Alpaca allows you to generate interactive HTML5 forms based for web and mobile applications. It uses JSON Schema and simple Handlebars templates to generate great looking user interfaces on top of Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery UI, jQuery Mobile and HTML5.

jd-cmd is a command line Java decompiler.

rubypress is a Ruby gem which implements an interface for the WordPress XML-RPC API.

The ngClassOdd and ngClassEven directives work exactly as ngClass, except they work in conjunction with ngRepeat and take effect only on odd (even) rows.

The ngClassOdd and ngClassEven directives work exactly as ngClass, except they work in conjunction with ngRepeat and take effect only on odd (even) rows.&#xD;&#xA;

The platform API empowers developers to automate, extend and combine Heroku with other services

PykCharts.js is a charting library built on top of D3.js that aims to reduce the complexity of making your own charts.

ngPluralize is directive in module ng in AngularJS

Microsoft BAM is a real-time data monitoring tool for Microsoft BizTalk Server.

The PHP Exif Library (PEL) is a library that will read and write the Exif metadata headers found in JPEG and TIFF images.

String manipulation library for gulp that supports basic operations like text prepending, appending, wrapping and transformation.

rom-sql is a Ruby gem which allows SQL support for Ruby Object Mapper.

Roda is a routing tree web framework toolkit, with the primary goals of simplicity, reliability, extensibility, and performance.

function to aggregate data from a number of rows into a single row in Oracle PL/SQL

Oracle Application Express (Oracle APEX) is Oracle's primary tool for developing Web applications with SQL and PL/SQL. Using only a web browser, you can develop and deploy professional Web-based applications for desktops and mobile devices. Application Express 5.0 is the latest version of Oracle Application Express.

docx4j.NET is a .NET implementation of docx4j, a Java library for manipulating Microsoft Open XML files.

Database migration tool for PHP apps.

A JSON to JSON transformation library written in Java.

XRebel is a lightweight Java profiler.

Bencoding, pronounced "B-encoding", is the encoding used by BitTorrent.

Open Source Perl-based weblog framework

Google Cloud Debugger is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that lets you inspect the state of a Java application at any code location without stopping or slowing it down. The debugger makes it easier to view the application state without adding logging statements.

Slugify is a PHP library which helps to convert a string into a slug.

This tag should be used to refer BizTalk Pipeline related Questions and Answers. To know more about the BizTalk Pipeline and its usage refer this link.

EdSim51 is a software product that simulates the 8051 microcontroller.

Pysal is a spatial analysis library written in Python. It provides a variety of functions for interpreting common spatial data file formats and performing common analyses on them, with the goal of being easy to

oCanvas is an object-oriented JavaScript library for HTML5 canvas drawing.

The nzsql command invokes a SQL command interpreter on the IBM® Netezza®.

MyBatis-Spring integrates MyBatis seamlessly with Spring. This library allows MyBatis to participate in Spring transactions, takes care of building MyBatis mappers and SqlSessions and inject them into other beans, translates MyBatis exceptions into Spring DataAccessExceptions, and finally, it lets you build your application code free of dependencies on MyBatis, Spring or MyBatis-Spring.

This project aims to provide an Open Source OpenPGP library in JavaScript so it can be used on virtually every device. Instead of other implementations that are aimed at using native code,

markdown4j is a Java extensible markdown processor.

An instance of the WKInterfaceButton class implements a button on the interface of a iOS Watch application.

Facebook4J is an open-sourced, mavenized Java library.&#xD;&#xA;With Facebook4J, you can easily integrate your application with the Facebook API.&#xD;&#xA;Facebook4J is an unofficial library.

The Zomato APIs provide the most accurate and updated restaurant data for integration with your application. This allows third party applications and products to integrate with Zomato and provide an engaging experience to their users. You can get information such as restaurant listings, location coordinates, reviews, discounts, photos, menus and pretty much everything else that we have for our own customers.

The GeoLite databases are IP geolocation databases

A new router for Angular 1.4 and 2.0 using components

Google Play Books (formerly Google eBooks) is a cross-platform ebook application offered by Google.

an idiomatic Clojure HTTP client wrapping the Apache client

a web application framework for R

Django 1.9 is a version of the Django framework, released December 2015. Please only use this tag if your question relates specifically to this version.

Cross DataCenter Replication

Reflex is a Haskell library, providing

A method is wait-free if it guarantees that every call finishes its execution in a finite number of steps (i. e. even if one thread is stuck on execution, other threads don't wait while it completes).

Yadda brings true BDD to JavaScript test frameworks such as Jasmine, Mocha, QUnit, Nodeunit, WebDriverJs and CasperJS. By true BDD we mean that the ordinary language (e.g. English) steps are mapped to code, as opposed to simply decorating it. This is important because just like comments, the decorative steps such as those used by Jasmine, Mocha and Vows can fall out of date and are a form of duplication.&#xD;&#xA;(Excerpt from https://www.npmjs.com/package/yadda

ASP.NET Boilerplate is a starting point for new modern web applications using best practices and most popular tools. It's aimed to be a solid model, a general-purpose application framework and a project template.

A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser

PyKinect is a Python module for interacting with the Kinect SDK.

A JSON API for retrieving game data for the popular computer game League of Legends.

@RestController is Spring MVC's shortcut annotation for creating Rest Controllers. Use this tag for questions relating to the use of this annotation.

Camlistore is a set of open source formats, protocols, and software for modeling, storing, searching, sharing and synchronizing data in the post-PC era. Data may be files or objects, tweets or 5TB videos, and you can access it via a phone, browser or FUSE filesystem.

The YouTube Data API (v3) offers YouTube functionality for third-party applications. It can be used to fetch search results and to retrieve, insert, update, and delete resources like videos or playlists.

The buildTypes element controls how to build and package your app

Ember CLI Mirage is a mock server that lets you easily mock a JSON API.

Fortran 2008 is the latest (released) Standard of the Fortran programming language. Amongst other improvements, Fortran 2008 brings concurrent programming to Fortran.

Use for questions related to the Aurelia Binding library, a part of the Aurelia platform that implements databinding for JavaScript and HTML.

Router middleware for koa.

Riot is a fast, expressive, and contextual unit testing framework for Ruby.

EIDORS is a Matlab and Octave library that provides free software algorithms for forward and inverse modelling for Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) and Diffusion based Optical Tomography, in medical and industrial settings, and to share data and promote collaboration between groups working these fields.&#xD;&#xA;

The Google Webmaster Tools API allows developers to submit, read, and update data in Google Webmaster Tools for verified websites.

The Apps Activity API lets your app retrieve information about a user's Google Apps activity.

Included in the Windows Assessment and Deployment Kit (Windows ADK) or the Windows SDK, Windows Performance Recorder (WPR) is a performance recording tool that is based on Event Tracing for Windows (ETW). It records system events that you can then analyze by using Windows Performance Analyzer (WPA).

Blueprints are Unreal Engine 4's visual programming structure. Use this tag for all questions related to blueprint programming in Unreal Engine 4.

The Unreal SaveGame is a data structure used in Unreal Engine 4 to save data so that it can persist between game sessions. Multiple save games can be created for a single game and saved to any custom-named slot.

Visual C++ version 11

wrk - a HTTP benchmarking tool

enchantjs is a framework for developing simple games and applications in HTML5 + JavaScript.

In number theory and combinatorics, a partition of a positive integer n, also called an integer partition, is a way of writing n as a sum of positive integers. Two sums that differ only in the order of their summands are considered the same partition. (If order matters, the sum becomes a composition.)&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

The WSO2 Enterprise Store brings a user-friendly experience to the enterprise for accessing and managing digital assets. Development teams and business users alike can easily and rapidly discover, subscribe, and make use of various enterprise assets such as APIs, mobile apps, web apps, and services to increase productivity and better utilize available assets.

Questions about the 1.3.2 branch of the Elasticsearch. If your question applies to Elasticsearch in general, use the tag [elasticsearch].

The .NET library allows you to tap keyboard and mouse, to detect and record their activity even when an application is inactive and runs in background.

Sikuli IDE is an Integrated Development Environment for sikuli script. It supports in Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.

The Google Play Developer API allows you to perform a number of publishing and app-management tasks in an automated way.

DiagrammeR is a R package for creating diagrams.

MockDbSet is a framework for mocking Entity Framework code.

a lightweight, pure JavaScript widget for hiding elements

VBIDE stands for Visual Basic Integrated Development Environment. VBIDE used as IDE for Visual Basic Language and Development.

The protocol is designed for access to a server API from applications running on mobile devices. It must be emphasized that a web browser is not such an application.

StoreIO is a Java API that replaces the SQLiteDatabase and ContentResolver API:s.

Saratoga is a Python framework for creating APIs.

SysML is a general purpose modeling language to specify and analyze systems from several relevant points of view (i.e. hardware, firmware, software, etc.) http://www.omgsysml.org/. It is widely used in the field of System Engineering.

SikuliX = Sikuli IDE + Sikuli Script&#xD;&#xA;So, Sikuli Script = SikuliX - Sikuli IDE

My CodeIgniter Base Model is an extended CI_Model class to use in your CodeIgniter applications. It provides a full CRUD base to make developing database interactions easier and quicker, as well as an event-based observer system, in-model data validation, intelligent table name guessing and soft delete.

JavaScripTools is a set o JavaScript components, functions and classes

Also known as 'TVs', Template Varaibles are customisable fields that can be associated to a template. They appear when editing a resource and allow the user to enter further information in a standardised format.

Angular Timer is a library for creating built-in timers in AngularJS

A user management module for Yii 2.

OpenFin is a desktop runtime environment for running html5 applications outside of a browser. It it is based on a Chromium currently and is being migrated to Electron. All HTML5/JavaScript/CSS that works in Chrome/Chromium should also work in OpenFin.

Ufront is a powerful MVC web framework for Haxe.

<md-autocomplete> is a special input component with a drop-down of all possible matches to a custom query. This component allows you to provide real-time suggestions as the user types in the input area.

Angular input-chips directive following Google Material Design guidelines.

RTP Payload Format for H.264 Video

AdRoll is the top retargeting platform, making retargeting simple and profitable for companies and agencies of all sizes.

Microsoft Intune provides mobile device management, mobile application management, and PC management capabilities from the cloud. &#xD;&#xA;

Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications.

CoreParse is a parsing library for Mac OS X and iOS. It supports a wide range of grammars thanks to its shift/reduce parsing schemes. Currently CoreParse supports SLR, LR(1) and LALR(1) parsers.

IBM dashDB is a fully managed data warehousing service in the cloud.

ASP.NET Core MVC

Convergent or Commutative Replicated Data Types

BloomAPI simplifies access to healthcare data

RockMongo is a MongoDB administration tool, written in PHP 5.&#xD;&#xA;

jchronic is a natural language date parsing library for Java, ported from Ruby's chronic.

Coffeequate is a computer algebra system (CAS) for JavaScript. It can manipulate algebraic expressions, and solve and simplify equations.

Fedena : Open source school management system

Clay is a Haskell EDSL that allows generating CSS rules directly from Haskell.

Snapback is a SDK that makes you build touchless and sightless interfaces in your app, and make easy to develop new incredible apps for automotive, sports, and impaired people, as well as awesome interfaces for games.

TYPO3 is a free and open source web content management system written in PHP. It is released under the GNU General Public License.

idiomatic, modular, testable, isomorphic Flux

Firebase Authentication makes building secure application easy for developers, while improving the sign-in and onboarding experience for end users. It provides an end-to-end identity solution for developers, helping them add authentication UI flows optimized to reduce friction during sign-up and sign-in to their client applications while providing the services and tools required to manage their user accounts and integrate with their backends.

ELK Stack combines the Elasticsearch, Logstash & Kibana to provide realtime insights of any type of structured, unstructured data.

MS Query (Microsoft Query) - an application that scans, selects and organizes the data from the database.

A SeekBar is an extension of ProgressBar that adds a draggable thumb

SuperSLiM is a third-party library for Android allowing you to present data in a sectioned format, and mix and match layouts inside of a RecyclerView. The library is highly extensible with many customisable features allowing you to easily implement and innovate within the Material Design aesthetic.

FlashAir is an SD card with embedded Wireless LAN produced by Toshiba.

A microarchitecture for GPUs by NVIDIA, released in 2014 and 2015, being the successor to the Kepler microarchitecture.

RBHive is a simple Ruby gem to communicate with the Apache Hive Thrift servers.&#xD;&#xA;

"Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon" is a parlor game based on the "six degrees of separation" concept.

PowerBASIC is the brand of several commercial compilers.

jqxTreeGrid is a lightweight jQuery widget which represents data in a tree-like structure.

TestFairy is a tool for monitoring and following up testing of Android and iOS applications.

The ClearNLP project provides software and resources for natural language processing. The project is currently developed by the Center for Language and Information Research at Emory University. This project is under the Apache 2 license.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;(Quoted from https://github.com/clir/clearnlp)

The Spring Data Neo4j project, as part of the Spring Data initiative, aims to simplify development with the Neo4j graph database. Like JPA, it uses annotations on simple POJO domain objects. Together with metadata, the annotations drive mapping the POJO entities and their fields to nodes, relationships, and properties in the graph database.

Source code analyzer software which provides identifying, tracking and repairing technical and logical flaws.

AspNetWebSocket Class

CartoCSS is a Mapnik stylesheet pre-processor developed by MapBox

Firebase Realtime Database is a cloud hosted, NoSQL, JSON database that enables developers to create powerful and connected apps. When a device is offline an app’s

Oracle Business Activity Monitoring (Oracle BAM) is a component of both SOA Suite and BPM Suite

Telerik Kendo UI Gantt Chart is a complex project management tool, especially useful for visualizing tasks which are a part of a project management cycle. The widget provides treelist and timeline views so that end user can see at a glance a project’s start/end date, tasks progress, dependencies between tasks, milestones and other components of a project.

Cucumber-JVM is a pure Java implementation of Cucumber that supports the most popular programming languages for the JVM. Cucumber-JVM supports the following JVM languages:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;- Java&#xD;&#xA;- Groovy&#xD;&#xA;- Scala&#xD;&#xA;- Clojure&#xD;&#xA;- Jython&#xD;&#xA;- JRuby&#xD;&#xA;- Rhino JavaScript&#xD;&#xA;- Gosu

Keras is a minimalist, highly modular neural network library written in Python.

NULL

 In contrast to Classic Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) is designed to provide significantly lower power consumption. This allows Android apps to communicate with BLE devices that have low power requirements, such as proximity sensors, heart rate monitors, fitness devices, and so on.

NULL

Magic CSS3 - CSS3 Animations with special effects by miniMAC

CAL is one of the most advanced and powerful library that any developer can envision.

For questions about code using the Cities: Skylines modding API, and related Colossal Order code.

PencilBlue is an open source Node.js CMS and blogging platform.

Web Application Messaging Protocol (WAMP)

Sketch.js is an easy-to-use jQuery plugin that allows you to create canvases upon which visitors can draw.

Syncano is the first Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) platform, making it simple for front-end developers to build real-time synchronized apps by connecting to data anywhere, anytime."

jasmid is a MIDI file reader and synthesiser in Javascript.

Nette/Tester is unit testing tool specifically designed for PHP Nette Framework.

GAMS (General Algebraic Modeling System) is a high-level modeling system for mathematical optimization.

XSoup is a version of Jsoup with XPath support.

ZoneMinder is a Linux video camera security and surveillance solution

A node port of python's os.walk. A nodejs walk implementation.

The MESI protocol (known also as Illinois protocol) is a cache coherence and memory coherence protocol.

A stateless RESTful interface for Lending Club to retrieve account and loan information.

Ninefold is committed to delivering easy to use, high performance cloud hosting infrastructure.

For the run-sequence node library that assists with gulp.

Apache Zeppelin is a web-based notebook that enables interactive data analytics. You can make beautiful data-driven, interactive and collaborative documents with SQL, Scala and more.

a library that is part of the NVIDIA CUDA toolkit to accelerate various dense and sparse LAPACK-like operations on GPUs

Gulp plugin for checking javascript code style with jscs

A new router for Angular 1.5 and 2.0, written with TypeScript.&#xD;&#xA;This router is still on development phase and isn't part of Angular 1.5 yet.&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/angular/router

Fly was renamed to Flutter.&#xD;&#xA;Sky is an experimental, high-performance UI framework for mobile apps. Sky helps you create apps with beautiful user interfaces and high-quality interactive design that run smoothly at 120 Hz.

Mojo is an effort to extract a common platform out of Chrome's renderer and plugin processes that can support multiple types of sandboxed content, such as HTML, Pepper, or NaCl.

The NEST Initiative has advanced computational neuroscience since 2001 by pushing the limits of large-scale simulations of biologically realistic neuronal networks. Since 2012, the NEST Initiative is incorporated as a non-profit member-based organization promoting scientfic collaboration in computational neuroscience.

a QT widget to display numbers like a physical LCD would

An implementation of the HTTP protocol for Qt. Out of service. Replaced with Q-IO.

AVKit is an API developed by Apple Inc.

Ubuntu 15.04 is the latest release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution. Use this tag only for questions that are specific to Ubuntu 15.04. If your question applies to other versions of Ubuntu, use [ubuntu] instead. If your question applies to other distributions of Linux, use [linux] instead.

An open source .net content management system

Shopp is an open source WordPress e-commerce plugin.

a library that allows your python tests to travel through time by mocking the datetime module

a JavaScript library for responsive images

The Kendo UI Grid widget supports paging, sorting, grouping, and scrolling of data sets of any size.

Yii 2 Basic Project Template is a skeleton Yii 2 application best for rapidly creating small projects.&#xD;&#xA;

field accessors operate like pointers, they are defined by classes.

The QWindow class represents a window in the underlying windowing system.

Animations provide fluid visual transitions between different states of your user interface.

Embarcadero C++Builder XE8 is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.

Window is a Kendo UI component.

a set of extensions and bindings for the Javascript library KnockoutJs

Unity 5 is a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies.&#xD;&#xA;It is a commercial development platform for creating games, interactive 2D and 3D applications, training simulations, and medical and architectural visualizations.

LXD is a container "hypervisor" and a new user experience for LXC (Linux Containers).

TeraTerm is a free, open source terminal emulator.

Wunderlist is a hosted service to manage to-do lists. The Wunderlist API provides REST-based storage and synchronization of a user’s lists across multiple platforms and devices. Now part of Microsoft.

AppleScript-Numbers are for questions regarding the control of Apple's Numbers for OS X using AppleScript.

Prunsrv is a service application for running applications as services. It can convert any application to run as a service.

LiquidFun is a 2D rigid-body and fluid simulation C++ library for games based upon Box2D. LiquidFun code can be written in C++, Java, or JavaScript.

A small but mighty operating system based on Windows 10, designed specifically for Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices.

The Google+ Hangouts API lets users develop collaborative apps that run inside a Google+ Hangout. Developers can write their apps as either a Hangout application or extension.

A polynomial approximation is an approximation of a real or complex function by a polynomial.

Windows-1251 is a popular 8-bit character encoding, designed to cover languages that use the Cyrillic script such as Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian Cyrillic and other languages

Invalidate the whole view. If the view is visible, onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas) will be called at some point in the future.

BackstopJS automates CSS regression testing of your responsive web UI by comparing DOM screenshots at various view port sizes.

Packetbeat is the Open Source solution for monitoring Distributed Applications. Think of it like a distributed real-time Wireshark with a lot more analytics features.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Packetbeat agents sniff the traffic between your application processes, parse on the fly protocols like HTTP, MySQL, Postgresql, Redis or Thrift and correlate the messages into transactions.

Version 6.3.2 of Apple's Xcode IDE.

Framework to Build Realtime Web and Mobile Apps

cmark is the C reference implementation of CommonMark, a rationalized version of Markdown syntax with a spec.

[TodoMVC](http://todomvc.com/) is a project which offers the same Todo application implemented using MV* concepts in most of the popular JavaScript MV* frameworks of today.

The Google Distance Matrix API is a service that provides travel distance and time for a matrix of origins and destinations

a gulp plugin for static assets revisioning.

Enable natural and contextual interaction with tools that augment users' experiences using the power of machine-based intelligence. Tap into an ever-growing collection of powerful artificial intelligence algorithms for vision, speech, language, knowledge, and search.

FIDO Universal 2nd Factor (U2F)—a rapidly growing open authentication standard, allows greater user account login security

Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.

Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.

Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation Suite, a comprehensive, modern and market-leading BI platform provides the industry's best in class platform for ad hoc query and analysis, dashboards, enterprise reporting, mobile analytics, scorecards, multidimensional OLAP, and predictive analytics, on an architecturally integrated business intelligence foundation.

A Gulp plugin for passing through only those source files that are newer than corresponding destination files.

.NET - Library for entity framework that allows full data auditing for the application. Allows to track any CRUD - operation inside the database.

SMTP proxies are specialized Mail Transfer Agents (MTAs)

Ethereum is a community-driven project aiming to decentralize the internet and return it to its democratic roots. It is a platform for building and running applications which do not need to rely on trust and cannot be controlled by any central authority. Questions about Ethereum which aren't about programming should be asked on the dedicated Ethereum site: http://ethereum.stackexchange.com. Questions which are about programming can be asked on either site.

Toad's automation utility that allows you to easily script database activities and schedule them using the windows scheduler

An extremely memory-efficient hash_map implementation from google. 2 bits/entry overhead! The SparseHash library contains several hash-map implementations, including implementations that optimize for space or speed.

For use with the OAuth protocol and the Google API.

Moquette aims to be a MQTT compliant broker. It is written in Java.

an angularjs module to timed out the application when the screen is idle.

Snackbars provide lightweight feedback about an operation. They show a brief message at the bottom of the screen on mobile and lower left on larger devices. Snackbars appear above all other elements on screen and only one can be displayed at a time.

oscP5 is an Open Sound Control library for the programming environment Processing.&#xD;&#xA;

Famous Engine is a high-performance javascript library for animations & interfaces. This new engine was referred to as "**Mixed Mode**" prior to release.

dex2oat is an on-device compiler suite that converts DEX files generated by the Android compiler into OAT files at install time, which are used by the new Android 5.0 runtime, ART, to enable higher performance by using Ahead of Time compilation instead of the older Just in Time (JIT) used in older versions of Android. It features several backends for the actual compilation and code generators for all platforms supported by Android.

The Design package provides APIs to support adding material design components and patterns to your apps.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Display the details of the specified hypervisor.

The ProGuard tool shrinks, optimizes, and obfuscates your code by removing unused code and renaming classes, fields, and methods with semantically obscure names. The result is a smaller sized .apk file that is more difficult to reverse engineer.

A Plugin for simple Bootstrap CSS Framework integration into Struts2.

Snackbars provide lightweight feedback about an operation. They show a brief message at the bottom of the screen on mobile and lower left on larger devices. Snackbars appear above all other elements on screen and only one can be displayed at a time.

NULL

Chrome Custom Tabs provides a way for an application to customize and interact with a Chrome Activity on Android, to make it a part of the application experience, while retaining the full functionality and performance of a complete web browser.

CLI interface for Famous Industries Web Services

Zuul is an edge service that provides dynamic routing, monitoring, resiliency, security, and more. Please view the wiki for usage, information, HOWTO, etc https://github.com/Netflix/zuul/wiki

Provides navigation drawer access. Part of Android's design support library.

SIMSCRIPT is a free-form, English-like general-purpose simulation language.

Figwheel builds your ClojureScript code and hot loads it into the browser as you are coding.

This brings navigation drawer view, floating labels, a floating action button, snackbar, tabs, and a motion and scroll framework to tie them together.

A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API. This is the cPanel XMLAPI Client Class.

A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API Version 2. This is the cPanel XMLAPI Client Class.

Intel® RealSense is a platform for implementing gesture-based Human-Computer Interaction techniques.

iTunesConnect-Analytics (also known as App-Analytics) is an analytical system created by Apple Inc.. It provides iOS and Mac OS X developers with information and statistics about sales and usage of their products.

CollapsingToolbarLayout is a wrapper for Toolbar which implements a collapsing app bar. It is designed to be used as a direct child of a AppBarLayout.

A web application framework for the Rust Programming Language.

HsQML is a Haskell binding to Qt Quick, a cross-platform framework for creating graphical user interfaces.

BoringSSL is Google's fork of OpenSSL.

Helium is a tool for testing websites and automating browsers. It offers simple commands such as start_chrome, click and write. You use these commands just like you would when giving instructions to someone looking over their shoulder at a screen - the only difference is that you type them.

Boot is a Clojure build framework and ad-hoc Clojure script evaluator. Boot provides a runtime environment that includes all of the tools needed to build Clojure projects from scripts written in Clojure that run in the context of the project.

SJersey is a set of classes which add Scala interoperation to Jersey. It is intended to be a replacement for jersey-scala.

NRules is an open source production rules engine for .NET, based on the Rete matching algorithm. Rules are authored in C# using internal DSL.

NULL

Akeneo is an open source Product Information Management (PIM) system.

A simple, lightweight JavaScript API for handling cookies (previously called jquery-cookie)

Wildfire API is an application-programming-interface that enables game developers to link their game up to the Wildfire platform.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Wildfire is a multiplayer gameserver platform, enabling game developers to offer a multiplayer system for their game.

Split screen is the visible division of the screen, traditionally in half, but also in several simultaneous images.

XpoLog is a platform for management and analysis of log data.

XpoLog search syntax. XpoLog is a platform for management and analysis of log data.

A Java API for AWS infrastructure services. Using the SDK, you can build applications on top of Amazon S3, Amazon EC2, Amazon DynamoDB, and more.

PCLCrypto is an open source library that provides portable class library authors with cryptographic APIs that invoke platform-specific crypto automatically.

Installed applications that need to exchange information with Google services protected by a user's Google or Google Apps (hosted) account can use a programmatic method for getting authorized access.

The Verdi3™ Automated Debug System is an advanced open platform for debugging digital designs with powerful technology that helps you comprehend complex and unfamiliar design behavior, automate difficult and tedious debug processes and unify diverse and complicated design environments.

Apache Drill is a low-latency distributed query engine for large-scale datasets, including structured and semi-structured/nested data.It is capable of querying nested data in formats like JSON and Parquet and performing dynamic schema discovery.

Connects Apache Spark and Cassandra for clustered queries

The yFiles diagramming software components are extensive class libraries that enable you to add high-quality diagramming functionality to your own software applications.

Python's official low-level client for Elasticsearch

Respond is an open source, responsive content management system that you can use to build responsive sites.

SparkR is an R package that provides a light-weight frontend to use Apache Spark from R.

Haneke is a lightweight image cache for iOS.

EJB passivation refers to Stateful EJB Session Beans being passivated, or deactivated, to a secondary storage.

r-bigmemory is an R package (not to be confused with bigmemory referring to Java ehcache) refers to the suite of bigmemory packages (bigmemory, bigalgebra, bigtabulate) that allow for creating, storing, accessing, and manipulating massive matrices. Matrices are allocated to shared memory and may use memory-mapped files.

Plone is a content management system (CMS) written in Python. Its strengths are in intranets, websites and document management. It has support for multilingual content and versioning.

Polymer 1.0 is the first production-ready release of Google's web components library, [polymer].

This is a JavaScript implementation of the CONREC contouring algorithm, which operates on a grid of z-values.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;If no contour-drawing function is specified, it builds a list of contour vectors that can be accessed via .contourList().

An Android Layout used as a container for a specific interaction with one or more child views

C++ Redistribution Package 2010

The Exporter module implements an import method which allows a module to export functions and variables to its users' namespaces. Many modules use Exporter rather than implementing their own import method because Exporter provides a highly flexible interface, with an implementation optimised for the common case.

Android 5.1 (LOLLIPOP_MR1) is an update to the Lollipop release that offers new features for users and app developers. This document provides an introduction to the most notable new APIs.

A scalable, geo-replicated, transactional datastore developed in Go.

Mazerunner is a set of Docker images which allows for high-performance graph analytics for Neo4j databases.

JWPL (Java Wikipedia Library) is a free, Java-based application programming interface that allows to access all information in Wikipedia.

WebTorrent is a streaming torrent client for node.js and the browser.&#xD;&#xA;

dxflib is an open source C++ library mainly for parsing DXFTM files. QCAD, CAM Expert and vec2web all use dxflib to import DXF files. dxflib can also write DXF files, but you need to have good knowledge of the DXF format to produce valid output.

Blackfire Profiler automatically instruments your code to gather data about consumed server resources like memory, CPU time, and I/O.

The Adonit Jot Touch SDK is a free framework for iOS that provides you with the necessary tools to integrate a complete sketching experience in your apps when used with Adonit's line of Bluetooth connected styluses, called Jots.

ActiveWorlds is a 3D virtual worlds program, where users can interact in individual "worlds" (servers).

Scott encoding is a way to represent (recursive) data types in the lambda calculus.

branch.io refers to the open source mobile linking service from Branch Metrics. The Branch Metrics SDK enables developers to integrate their apps with deep linking, contextual deep linking, organic, paid and referral attribution, and app-to-app communication. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use the branch.io tag for questions relating to Branch's Web, iOS, and Android SDKs, Branch Links, registering Webhooks...

OpenBUGS is a computer software for the Bayesian analysis of complex statistical models using Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods.

Powermail is a well-known, powerful and easy to use mailform extension for TYPO3.

Matter.js is a 2D rigid body physics engine for the web written in JavaScript.

Asynchronous bi-directional (multi-master) replication built in to PostgreSQL 9.4 and above

AngularJS Chosen directive brings the Chosen jQuery plugin into AngularJS with ngModel and ngOptions integration.

Every application has a single root scope. All other scopes are descendant scopes of the root scope. Scopes provide separation between the model and the view, via a mechanism for watching the model for changes. They also provide an event emission/broadcast and subscription facility. See the developer guide on scopes.&#xD;&#xA;

SUTime is a Java library for recognizing and normalizing time expressions.

CoordinatorLayout is a super-powered FrameLayout.

a REST/JSON API for interacting with YouTube (v3)

Firefox Reader View is a feature added to Firefox 38.0.5 which incorporates the readability.js addon plugin into the core Firefox program module. This feature processes URL pages to remove non-textual content

XVim is an open-source Xcode Plug-in that adds Vim keybindings to Xcode.

tiedot is a NoSQL database for the programming language Go.

Google Cloud Logging collects and stores logs from applications and services on the Google Cloud Platform

Wheel factorization is a method for performing a preliminary reduction in the number of potential primes from the initial set of all natural numbers 2 and greater; possibly prior to passing the result list of potential primes to the Sieve of Eratosthenes or other sieve that separates prime numbers from composites, but may further be used as a prime number wheel sieve in its own right by recursively applying the factorization wheel generation algorithm.

ReSharper C++ is a productivity tool extension for C++ development in Microsoft Visual Studio.

LUKS is the standard for Linux hard disk encryption. By providing a standard on-disk-format, it does not only facilitate compatibility among distributions, but also provides secure management of multiple user passwords. In contrast to existing solution, LUKS stores all setup necessary setup information in the partition header, enabling the user to transport or migrate his data seamlessly.

[Sendwithus](https://www.sendwithus.com) is an API to manage and send templated emails, used primarily for transactional and automated emails. Integrates with cloud email providers such as SendGrid, Mandrill, and SparkPost.

The REST-API from WordPress.

MIO is a lightweight IO library for Rust with a focus on adding as little overhead as possible over the OS abstractions.

A collection is a Model type containing other Models, it is basically used in Magento to handle product lists (ie. from a category or a bundle option), but not only.

Five9 is a provider of cloud contact center software.

Windows 10 Mobile is an edition of the Windows 10 OS developed by Microsoft and was released in 2015.

Qulice is a static analysis quality control instrument for Java projects. It combines a few static analysis tools and pre-configure them. You don't need to use and configure them individually any more.

Flame graphs are a visualization of profiled software, allowing the most frequent code-paths to be identified quickly and accurately — Brendan Gregg

Trailblazer is a thin layer on top of Rails. It gently enforces encapsulation, an intuitive code structure and gives you an object-oriented architecture.

iOS 9 is the ninth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 8, 2015.

Arc diagram is a style of graph drawing, in which the vertices of a graph are placed along a line in the Euclidean plane, with edges being drawn as semicircles in one of the two halfplanes bounded by the line, or as smooth curves formed by sequences of semicircles. In some cases, line segments of the line itself are also allowed as edges, as long as they connect only vertices that are consecutive along the line.

This Apache 2.3 module allows the use of an HTML login form to restrict access by looking up users in the given providers. HTML forms require significantly more configuration than the alternatives, however an HTML login form can provide a much friendlier experience for end users.

dns_get_record(). PHP function to fetch DNS Resource Records associated with a hostname.

CSV file conversion to an array.

A fluent, convenient wrapper for working with arrays of data provided by Illuminate\Support\Collection class.

Xcode is an IDE by Apple for the development of iOS and OS X applications. Use this tag for version specific questions about Xcode 7.

Google Slides is a free presentation program part of a software office suite offered by Google within its Google Drive service. The Google Slides allows users to create and edit slides online while collaborating with other users in real-time.

TestNG @DataProvider annotation

Apache Aurora is a Mesos framework for long-running services and cron jobs, responsible for scheduling and executing tasks across a shared pool of machines.

Microsoft Azure Data Factory compose and orchestrate data services at scale.

A violin plot is a method of plotting numeric data. It is a box plot with a rotated kernel density plot on each side.

Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.x of Apple's Swift programming language. Use the tag [swift] for more general language questions, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch] etc for questions about developing on Apple platforms.

The picture element refers to the HTML5 picture element.

Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor for Angular.js

Altova StyleVision is a tool for designing reports and forms based on XML, SQL database, and XBRL inputs using XSLT.

Hosted Search API that delivers instant and relevant results from the first keystroke

Official node.js driver for OrientDB.

H2Reg.exe is a command-line utility used to Register/Unregister MS Help 2.x Collections: Namespaces, Titles, Plug-ins and Filters. It's an alternative to using the MSI (Microsoft Installer) solution. You run H2Reg with a command script file at install and uninstall time.

D3 JavaScript Network Graphs from R.

Crystal is a programming language with a Ruby inspired syntax but statically type checked and compiled to native and efficient code.

Laravel 5.1 is a past version of the open-source PHP web framework. It has been released on 9th June 2015. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.1.

Extend log4net facility with simple configuration options

In-App Feedback and Bug Reporting for both iOS and Android apps.

artoo.js is a piece of JavaScript code meant to be run in your browser's console to provide you with some scraping utilities.&#xD;&#xA;

Twelfth major release of OS X (10.11)

HoneySQL is a API that makes SQL as Clojure data structures.

RoboBlender is an annotation processor that has been introduced to speed up RoboGuice performances at runtime: 30-70% speed gain, 30% memory gain.

Method Resolution Order (MRO) defines the class search path used by Python to search for the right method to use in classes having multi-inheritance.

Pysam is a python module for reading and manipulating Samfiles. It's a lightweight wrapper of the samtools C-API. Pysam also includes an interface for tabix.

utest (pronounced micro-test) is a lightweight testing library for Scala.

Multi-Dimension Analytical Query Language (MAQL) that is used to define metrics in the GoodData Portal

A Mongoose like Azure DocuomentDB ORM based on Microsoft Azure DocumentDB Node.js SDK.

questions about library "SSISTester" which helps to test Microsoft SSIS programs

This tag should be used with questions about the safari-content-blocker extension (iOS and OS X).

Geocomplete is an advanced jQuery plugin that wraps the Google Maps API's Geocoding and Places Autocomplete services

DUnitX is a Delphi test framework

Google Sign-In allows users to sign in to your application with their Google accounts

Annotations from the IntelliJ IDE.

Marmalade Juice is a new and innovative technology which gives developers the ability to recompile their iOS projects natively for Android. And, because there is no need for laborious re-writing, you can focus on making your game the best it can be.

Prelude is an easy to use "all-in-one" Emacs distribution with many additional packages and its own core library. Extra functionality are provided through modules, including C, Clojure, Common-Lisp, Erlang, among others.&#xD;&#xA;

SAS DI Studio, or SAS Data Integration Studio, is a SAS tool for performing ETL and other tasks integrating multiple different types of data (from Hadoop, Teradata, Cloudera, and other sources) alongside SAS data along with allowing programming tasks.

The conTEXT editor is a freeware text editor for Windows. It is quite old and has not been updated since 2011. This tag is used to prevent confusion with other uses of the common word *context*. The SO tag [tag:context] has been deprecated.

CLI plugin for bosh to perform different deploying tasks in Ruby development stack.

The Salt Contrib is a destination for Salt modules developed by the community.

McCLIM is an open source implementation of the Common Lisp Interface Manager specification, a powerful toolkit for writing GUIs in Common Lisp.

With the Smart Lock for Passwords API, you can programmatically save and retrieve credentials, and automatically sign users in across devices and websites in Chrome.

SwitchYard is a component-based development framework focused on building structured, maintainable services and applications using the concepts and best practices of SOA.

Bolt is a pure Go key/value store inspired by Howard Chu's and the LMDB project. The goal of the project is to provide a simple, fast, and reliable database for projects that don't require a full database server such as Postgres or MySQL.

A multiple listing service (MLS) provides real estate information.

Design and implementation of virtual machines, interpreters, automata, Turing machines. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;**DO NOT** use this tag for virtualized computers (VirtualBox, VMWare, ...), unless the question address the implementation of such tools.

SecureRandom is a Java class that provides a cryptographically strong random number generator (RNG).

fastboot is a tool that comes with the Android SDK. It can be used to manipulate the partitions of your Android device when booted into the bootloader.

An attractor is called strange if it has a fractal structure.

The Lorenz system is a system of ordinary differential equations (the Lorenz equations, note it is not Lorentz) first studied by Edward Lorenz.

A WebRTC browser for iOS developed in the open. Bowser is built on top of OpenWebRTC.

SoftHSM is software that emulates a PKCS11 Hardware Security Module for development and testing.

Dollar.swift is a Swift library that provides useful functional programming helper methods without extending any built in objects. It is similar to Lo-Dash or Underscore.js in Javascript.

FreePBX is a web-based open source GUI that controls and manages Asterisk (PBX), a voice over IP server

Repeating Annotations is a Java 8 enhancement that allows an annotation type to be repeated on a single element.

An API that transparently use Twitter Bootstrap 3 with CakePHP 3.

Android support support design is library that introduce by google for giving support of few material design components to all android 2.1 devices or higher devices.

A collection of web components for Google APIs & services. Built with Polymer.

pt-online-schema-change is a command-line tool which emulates the way that MySQL alters tables internally, but it works on a copy of the table you wish to alter. This means that the original table is not locked, and clients may continue to read and change data in it.

Cloudant schema discovery process

Avaloq Scripts are used in the parametrisation and customisation of the Avaloq banking system. It uses the Avaloq ice development environment and details can be found via www.avaloq.com

Apache Tajo is a robust big data relational and distributed data warehouse system for Apache Hadoop.

Unisys is a global information technology company that solves complex IT challenges at the intersection of modern and mission critical.

Application Component Enabler is part of the Unisys AB Suite and EAE rapid application development tools.

Orson Charts is a Java library for generating 3D charts in client-side (JavaFX and Swing) and server-side applications.

Undefined Behavior sanitizer (ubsan) is a fast undefined behavior detector for Clang and GCC. Various computations will be instrumented to detect undefined behavior at runtime.

The Google Identity Platform consists of identity tools from Google to help you quickly build an authentication system for reducing the friction of getting users into your app.

Laravel's localization features provide a convenient way to retrieve strings in various languages, allowing you to easily support multiple languages within your application.

F# Tools for working with XAML Projects.

This is the SonarQube 5.1.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the sonarqube tag if your question is specific to SonarQube 5.1.x — not just 5.x.

FastParse is a parser-combinator library for Scala that lets you quickly and easily write recursive descent parsers in Scala.

Gin is a HTTP web framework written in Go.

Rancher is an open source project that provides a complete platform for operating Docker in production.

Wharton Research Data Services (WRDS) is the award-winning research platform and business intelligence tool for over 30,000 corporate, academic, government and nonprofit clients at over 375 institutions in 33 countries.

A feature descriptor used for measuring shape similarity in visual object recognition.

The Public Suffix List is an initiative of Mozilla to register domain name suffixes.

A shared worker is accessible by multiple scripts — even if they are being access by different windows, iframes or even workers — as long as they are on the same origin.

Apple's ClockKit framework (ClockKit.framework) allows to use complications on the Apple Watch.

watchOS 2 is the second version of Apple's operating system for Apple Watch and is the successor to watchOS. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 8, 2015, and was released on September 21, 2015.

The UIStackView class provides a streamlined interface for laying out a collection of views in either a column or a row. Stack views let you leverage the power of Auto Layout, creating user interfaces that can dynamically adapt to the device’s orientation, screen size, and any changes in the available space.

The Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMS) is the IETF's standard for cryptographically protected messages. It can be used to digitally sign, digest, authenticate or encrypt any form of digital data.&#xD;&#xA;OpenSSL provides a family of functions with names starting with `CMS_` to handle this format.

The issues relating to the support of the Arabic language.

iOS framework that provides a database-like API that lets you add, retrieve, update, and delete items that represent searchable app content.

Transport Layer Security (TLS) is cryptographic protocols designed to provide communications security over a computer network.

EJB Timer Services are services that are provided by the container (or the Application Server) and developers can take advantage of the timer services by registering one or more enterprise beans for time-based notification.

A one instruction set computer (OISC) is an abstract machine that uses only one instruction – obviating the need for a machine language opcode.

Alcatraz is a package manager for Xcode.

Scoobi is a Scala library that focuses on making you more productive at building Hadoop applications.

The "orafce" project implements of some functions from the Oracle database.

Layout which wraps an EditText (or descendant) to show a floating label when the hint is hidden due to the user inputting text.

Godep(Godeps) helps build packages reproducibly by fixing their dependencies.

FileSaver.js implements the HTML5 W3C saveAs() FileSaver interface in browsers that do not natively support it

Sinon–Chai provides a set of custom assertions for using the Sinon.JS spy, stub, and mocking framework with the Chai assertion library. You get all the benefits of Chai with all the powerful tools of Sinon.JS.

Hangfire background job activator based on Ninject IoC Container. It allows you to use instance methods of classes that define parametrized constructors

NULL

Task Runner Explorer lets you run commands inside Visual Studio ...

Underscore.m is a small utility library to facilitate working with common data structures in Objective-C.&#xD;&#xA;It tries to encourage chaining by eschewing the square bracket

 Rabbithole is an interactive, embeddable Neo4j-Console.&#xD;&#xA;

NULL

Kotlin provides the ability to extend a class with new functionality without having to inherit from the class or use any type of design pattern such as Decorator. This is done via special declarations called extensions.

fleet ties together systemd and etcd into a simple distributed init system. Think of it as an extension of systemd that operates at the cluster level instead of the machine level

Gradle plugin for Spoon

Rocketeer is a fast and easy deploying tool for modern developers. In its spirit, Rocketeer is a basic SSH task runner, it defines servers, commands to execute on said server, and run them according to various contexts.Rocketeer provides a handful of tasks built-in to deploy and manage your remote projects.

For questions on how to implement citrus-pay for various checkout experiences. Includes questions majorly focusing on citrus-pay technical integration issues.

J2V8 is a set of Java bindings for V8. J2V8 focuses on performance and tight integration with V8. It also takes a 'primitive first' approach, meaning that if a value can be accessed as a primitive, then it should be. This forces a more static type system between the JS and Java code, but it also improves the performance since intermediate Objects are not created.

Conque is a Vim plugin which allows you to run interactive programs, such as bash on linux or powershell.exe on Windows, inside a Vim buffer. In other words it is a terminal emulator which uses a Vim buffer to display the program output.

Ui4j is a web-automation library for Java. It is a thin wrapper library around the JavaFx WebKit Engine, and can be used for automating the use of web pages and for testing web pages.

SUIT CSS is a reliable and testable styling methodology for component-based UI development. A collection of CSS packages and build tools are available as modules. SUIT CSS plays well with React, Ember, Angular, and other component-based approaches to UI development.

A guard statement is used to transfer program control out of a scope if one or more conditions aren’t met.

ALDEC Active-HDL™ is a Windows® based, integrated FPGA Design Creation and Simulation solution for team-based environments. Active-HDL’s Integrated Design Environment (IDE) includes a full HDL and graphical design tool suite and RTL/gate-level mixed-language simulator for rapid deployment and verification of FPGA designs.

R package for home range estimation

Kademi open learning platform

The DOMTokenList interface represents a set of space-separated tokens. Such a set is returned by Element.classList, HTMLLinkElement.relList, HTMLAnchorElement.relList or HTMLAreaElement.relList. It is indexed beginning with 0 as with JavaScript Array objects. DOMTokenList is always case-sensitive.

CollapsingToolbarLayout is a wrapper for Toolbar that provides several visual effects that are bind to the content scroll events.

A powerful descriptive vector graphics language for mathematical/technical drawing, with LaTeX typesetting of labels.

The Aether Ant Tasks enable build scripts for Apache Ant 1.7+ to use Eclipse Aether combined to Apache Maven Aether Provider to resolve dependencies and install and deploy locally built artifacts.

Morena 7 is a framework for Java that acts as a bridge between image acquisition hardware (scanner, camera) and a Java Application or Applet.

Microsoft Azure Service Bus topics and subscriptions support a publish/subscribe messaging communication model. In contrast with Service Bus queues, in which each message is processed by a single consumer, topics and subscriptions provide a "one-to-many" form of communication.

An Instance-Level Public IP (ILPIP) is an IP address that you can assign directly to your VM or role instance, rather than to the cloud service that your VM or role instance reside in. This doesn’t take the place of the VIP (Virtual IP) that is assigned to your cloud service. Rather, it’s an additional IP address that you can use to connect directly to your VM or role instance.

Datamoshing is the practice of intentionally using compression artifacts in digital video and animated GIFs that is sometimes to referred to as “glitch art.”

ASP.Net MVC v1 is the original version of Microsofts MVC framework. It has subsequently been replaced by several newer version (v2, v3, v3.5, v4 & v5). Use this tag for questions regarding version 1 (ONLY) of the Microsoft MVC framework.

An intermediate representation of an LLVM-compiled program, which can be used by Apple to optimize binaries submitted to their App Store(s) without requiring involvement from the original developer.

A versatile general-purpose computation engine, graphengine provides a unified declarative language for both data modeling and message passing with many built-in features.

managedCuda is a framework allowing usage of CUDA in a managed application (e.g. C#)

An open source distributed Analytical Engine from eBay to provide SQL interface and multi-dimensional analysis (OLAP) on Hadoop to support TB to PB size analysis.

For ringcentral integration in crms

IEEE 802.11p is an approved amendment to the IEEE 802.11 standard to add wireless access in vehicular environments (WAVE), a vehicular communication system.

A Gulp plugin that minifies css with clean-css

A component of Php Code Sniffer Package, phpcs script that tokenizes PHP, JavaScript and CSS files to detect violations of a defined coding standard.

XirSys is a specialist hosting provider for WebRTC cloud enabled services and applications.

Module including a java.util.logging (jul) handler, to route all incoming records to the SLF4j API.

A map function is a higher-order function that applies a function to each element in a list, building a list of the results. For questions about geography, use the maps tag instead.

In Oracle database timestamps can be subtracted, incremented, or decremented which is called Timestamps arithmetic.

pyttsx is a Python package supporting common text-to-speech engines on Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux.

MATCH is an Excel function for searching for a specified value in a range of cells and it returns the relative position of the matched value in the given range.

32 bit Global Assembly Cache.

64 bit Global Assembly Cache.

Global Assembly Cache of Microsoft Intermediate Language format dlls

Q-municate comes with powerful instant messaging right out of the box. Powered by the flexible XMPP protocol and Quickblox signalling technologies, with compatibility for server-side chat history, group chats, attachments and user avatars, it's pretty powerful. It also has chat bubbles and user presence (online/offline).

NixOps is a tool for deploying sets of NixOS Linux machines, either to real hardware or to virtual machines

An open-source firmware and development kit that helps you to prototype your IOT product within a few Lua script lines. http://nodemcu.com/index_en.html

GMSPlace encapsulates information about a physical location, including its name, location, and any other information we might have about it. This class is immutable. Its component of Google Map API.

RoyalSlider is an image gallery and content slider plugin.

Connect:Direct is an IBM product for file transfer between mainframes and PCs.

PBJVision is an iOS camera engine library that allows easy integration of special capture features and camera customization in your iOS app.

NULL

PostgreSQL extension which allow you to create Foreign Data Wrappers using Python.

The SQL/MED is an extension of the SQL designed to manage external data sources.

yagmail - Yet Another GMAIL client

pysqlcipher is an interface to the SQLite 3.x embedded relational database engine. It is almost fully compliant with the Python database API version 2.0. At the same time, it also exposes the unique features of SQLCipher.

NULL

This directive sets the disabled attribute on the element if the expression inside ngDisabled evaluates to truthy.

An optional directive that can be used to check values for input:&#xD;&#xA;

LibXML bindings for the Go programming language.

A graph visualization application for the web based on d3.js

The ngSwitch directive is used to conditionally swap DOM structure on your template based on a scope expression

The Java Development Kit (JDK) is an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation

Tag to cover what is legal HTTP/2

Triton is an open source project providing hybrid cloud computing infrastructure and is sponsored by Joyent.

Apple's GameplayKit framework provides pathfinding, goal-based movement, rulesystems, entity-component systems, finite state machines and random distribution classes for game developers. Also included is a class and related protocols for building turn-based AIs based on minmax tree search. Available for iOS 9 and OS X 10.11.

A GKMinmaxStrategist object is a form of artificial intelligence for use in turn-based, adversarial games. This class implements a “minmax” strategy—with ratings you supply for possible states of your game model, the strategist makes choices that maximize the rating for its own moves and minimize the rating for an opponent’s moves.

KERN_INVALID_ADDRESS error is a generic error that is followed by a specific memory address location.

The `*.npmignore` file is used to keep stuff out of programmed package.

Out of band (OOB) Bluetooth pairing (bonding) - for example via NFC.

BrowserMob Proxy (BMP) is based on technology developed in the Selenium open source project and a commercial load testing and monitoring service originally called BrowserMob and now part of Neustar.

Open source implementation of the NTFS file system with read-write support

`hg merge` is a Mercurial command used for merging revisions into working directory. Use this tag for all questions related to merging with Mercurial.

Autodesk MotionBuilder 3D character animation software offers a nonlinear editing environment for virtual production that includes motion capture.

A Passport.js-based authentication generator for use with the Sails command-line interface.

CSS Library to create touch, responsive, flickable galleries.

Elpy is an Emacs package to bring powerful Python editing to Emacs. It combines a number of other packages, both written in Emacs Lisp as well as Python.

NULL

HLS plugin for Red5. The purpose of this plugin is to provide HLS live streaming using an flash media stream as its source.The plugin utilizes Xuggler for transcoding and is provided as-is; any modifications or fixes will be handled as time permits.

The `_refernces.js` file enables JavaScript IntelliSense in VisualStudio for the files added as references inside it.

Gagawa is an HTML Generator library written in Java and PHP.

JUnitParams project adds a new runner to JUnit and provides much easier and readable parametrised tests for JUnit >=4.6.

A cube dimension is a structural attribute of a Cube that is a list of related names–known as Members–all of which belong to a similar category in the user’s perception of a data.

Luigi is a Python package that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs.

adal.js is a new library meant to help you to take advantage of Azure AD to secure your SPA apps and consume Web API from JavaScript.

A Java library which aims to make it simple to send large amounts of data using RMI.

Microsoft Access apps or "web apps" are database applications with a reduced set of features that can be designed and modified in Microsoft Access 2013 and be used in a standard web browser.

Use this tag when your XSD question pertains particularly to XSD 1.0, especially in cases where your XSD processor only supports XSD 1.0.

Floating action buttons are used for a promoted action. They are distinguished by a circled icon floating above the UI and have motion behaviors that include morphing, launching, and a transferring anchor point.

Symfony component which provides "validation constraints", which are simple objects containing the rules for the validation.

`git rm` is a Git command used to remove files from the working tree and from the index. Use this tag for all posts related to the usage of this command.

git-mv - Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink

UDL stands for User Defined Language, it is a feature of Notepad++ editor through which users can define their own syntax highlighting.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;UDL 2.0 is my attempt to update default UDL that is shipped with Notepad++.&#xD;&#xA;At this point it is in testing phase and not part of official Notepad++ build.

The Apache Tez project is aimed at building an application framework which allows for a complex directed-acyclic-graph of tasks for processing data.

The command line tooling for Aurelia, used for creating projects, scaffolding, bundling and more.

RegularExpressionValidator : A Validator used in ASP.NET to validate a particular control value as that of provided pattern.

djinni is a tool by the Dropbox team to simplify cross platform development for mobile devices. Typical usage is a c++ core library which interfaces with native Objective-C or Java code for iOS and Android devices.

Fluent-http is a very capable web stack based on SimpleFramework HTTP server.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Its goal is to provide everything a java web developer needs to build modern web sites with REST back-ends and HTML5 front-ends.

The Common Reusable SHell (CRaSH) is a shell for the Java platform

Deepstream is a Node server that allows clients to sync data, whether they're browsers or mobile applications. It has a caching layer, and supports event-based messaging and RPC.

Apple's Xcode 7 beta 2 was eased on 6/23/2015

The official MongoDB .NET Driver provides asynchronous interaction with MongoDB.

Stash is an extension to the ExpressionEngine template language.

Binds the given expression to the value of <option> or input[radio], so that when the element is selected, the ngModel of that element is set to the bound value.

stack is a modern, cross-platform build tool for Haskell code. It covers management of Haskell environment and project dependencies, building, testing and benchmarking.

The llvm-cov tool shows code coverage information for programs that are instrumented to emit profile data. It can be used to work with gcov-style coverage or with clang‘s instrumentation based profiling.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;If the program is invoked with a base name of gcov, it will behave as if the llvm-cov gcov command were called. Otherwise, a command should be provided.

A tiny graphical app kit for ruby.

This library is an extension for jQuery to rotate images directly within JavaScript. Good in situations where you want to organize your thumbnails without the lag of synchronous image operations via the web server.

In Perl, the stash is another name for the symbol table.

EtherCard is a driver for the ENC28J60 chip, compatible with Arduino IDE.

Error-prone catches common Java mistakes as compile-time errors.

Windows Phone enables companies to publish and distribute Windows Phone apps directly to their employees or other users, bypassing the Windows Phone Store. Users can install apps published by their company only after they enroll their phones for app distribution from their company, and only users that are enrolled for app distribution from the company can install the company apps.

Non Standard Evaluation

Klipfolio is an online dashboard platform for building powerful real-time business dashboards for your team or your clients.

Maptitude is a GIS system with both a COM/.NET capable API and built-in macro language

Omnibus Gitlab creates platform-specific, full-stack downloadable packages for GitLab.

Nuclide - A unified developer experience for web and mobile development

Gnulib is a central location for common GNU code, intended to be shared among GNU packages. GCC has libiberty, but this is hard to disentangle from the GCC build tree.

Sandstorm is an open source platform for personal servers

NULL

Azure SQL Data Warehouse is an enterprise-class distributed database in the Azure Cloud capable of processing up to petabyte volumes of relational and non-relational data. It is the industry's first cloud data warehouse with grow, shrink, and pause in seconds.

Windows Software Trace Preprocessor (WPP preprocessor)

A plugin for versioning Rails based RESTful APIs.

AppBarLayout is a vertical LinearLayout which implements many of the features of material designs app bar concept, namely scrolling gestures.

`test` is a unix command to check file types and compare values.

A package which provides a python interface to the SQL Anywhere database server.

Spring Boot Actuator is a sub-project of Spring Boot. It adds several production grade services to your application with little effort on your part. In this guide, you’ll build an application and then see how to add these services.

A ejabberd module which implements Extended Stanza Addressing (XEP-0033).

Lasagne is a lightweight library to build and train neural networks in Theano.

Engage customers with a short video of your app in action, directly on your app product page on the App Store.

Use for questions that are about pytest-django, a module for pytest that allows testing of django-webframework projects.

Watcher is a plugin for Elasticsearch that provides alerting and notification based on changes in your data.

nolearn is a Python package with utility functions for machine learning tasks.

Android TabLayout provides a horizontal layout to display tabs.

Shield is the security layer in Elasticsearch

MacroPy is an implementation of Syntactic Macros in the Python Programming Language. MacroPy provides a mechanism for user-defined functions (macros) to perform transformations on the abstract syntax tree (AST) of a Python program at import time.

CakePHP is a free, open-source, rapid development framework for PHP. It’s a foundational structure for programmers to create web applications.

The ngIf directive removes or recreates a portion of the DOM tree based on an {expression}. If the expression assigned to ngIf evaluates to a false value then the element is removed from the DOM, otherwise a clone of the element is reinserted into the DOM.

The ngResource module is part of AngularJS and provides interaction support with RESTful services via the $resource service.

Sets the checked attribute on the element, if the expression inside ngChecked is truthy.

The ngStyle directive allows you to set CSS style on an HTML element conditionally.

Commons CSV reads and writes files in variations of the comma-separated value (CSV) format.

Vcl.js is a typescript open-source RAD framework for building enterprise web applications.

Plug and play websocket support for ruby on rails.

A Javascript toolkit to speed up the development of graph visualization and interaction applications.

Behavior-Driven Emacs Lisp Testing

TimeZoneDB provides free time zone database for cities of the world.

Apache Traffic Server software is a fast, scalable and extensible HTTP/1.1 compliant caching proxy server.

Alteryx provides an easy-to-use analytics platform for enterprise companies making critical decisions that drive their business strategy and growth.

Npm package to work with Grunt which validate files with ESLint.

Foundation is a responsive front-end framework made by ZURB, a product design company in Campbell, CA. This framework is the result of building web products & services since 1998.

A "GUID Partition Table" (GPT) describes the partitions of a physical hard disk with the use of GUIDs (globally unique identifiers).

Dummy or indicator variables are used to include categorical or qualitative variables or factors into a regression model in R programming language for statistical computing, bioinformatics, and graphics.

profilestats is a decorator used to profile python source to generate profile data compatible with

BungeeCord is a free, easy, and reliable way to connect multiple Minecraft servers together.

CodeIgniter's Pagination class is very easy to use, and it is 100% customizable, either dynamically or via stored preferences.

Dashicons is the official icon font of the WordPress admin as of 3.8.

Classroom helps teachers create & organize assignments quickly, provide feedback efficiently & communicate with their classes.

Document preprocessor for Apache FOP - Python port.

Super-simple translation support for Angular.JS

The PanFS storage operating system delivers great flexibility in its support for multiple protocol access, suitable for a diversity of customers, applications and users.

Cylon.js is a JavaScript framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things. It makes it incredibly easy to command robots and devices.

Firefox Bootstrapped extensions

Use this tag for questions specific to the 2016 version of Microsoft's SQL Server. This version of Microsoft's SQL Server database product is currently in RTM - 13.0.1601.5

bardjs is a small library of functions to help you write Angular v.1.x application tests

A command-line utility that creates projects from cookiecutters (project templates), e.g. creating a Python package project from a Python package project template.

shinydashboard is an R package which provides a framework for creating dashboards using R and shiny.

DT is an R package that provides an interface to the JavaScript library DataTables. Use the data.table tag for questions related to the data.frame extension package data.table.

In statistics, a bootstrap is a test based on random sampling with replacement.

A gossip protocol is a style of computer-to-computer communication protocol inspired by the form of gossip seen in social networks.

Cap'n Proto is a zero-copy data interchange format described by a schema language not unlike Protobuf, and an associated capability-based RPC system.

An experimental Go cross-platform UI library.

SimulationX is a commercial Modelica simulation tool.

scalajs-react lifts Facebook's React library into Scala.js and endeavours to make it as type-safe and Scala-friendly as possible.

In functional programming, an anamorphism is a generalization of the concept of unfolds on lists.

SUNDIALS (SUite of Nonlinear and DIfferential/ALgebraic equation Solvers)

RushOrm for Android replaces the need for SQL by mapping Java classes to SQL tables

relates to the SNMP extension for PHP which provides a very simple and easily usable toolset for managing remote devices via the Simple Network Management Protocol.

Gogs is a self-hosted git service written in go.

Refers to the Angular UI Bootstrap tabs directive, which is an Angular implementation of Bootstrap tabs.

The `quanteda` package provides a fast, flexible toolset for for the management, processing, and quantitative analysis of textual data in R.

Prophecy is a highly opinionated yet very powerful and flexible PHP object mocking framework.

The launch of Apple Music on Tuesday brought with it a nearly all-new Music app, with a host of new functionality that blends the best of Beats Music with Apple's long-standing iTunes platform.

Bit Manipulation Instructions Sets (BMI sets) are extensions to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD. The purpose of these instruction sets is to improve the speed of bit manipulation. (Courtesy of Wikipedia.)

Wt::Dbo is a C++ ORM (Object-Relational-Mapping) library.

The term broadcasting describes how NumPy treats arrays with different shapes during arithmetic operations. Subject to certain constraints, the smaller array is “broadcast” across the larger array so that they have compatible shapes.

NULL

NULL

EntityFramework.BulkInsert is an extension for Entity Framework that allows users to insert large amounts of data faster than with a regular insert

Camel-quickfix is a Camel extension for working with the Quickfix/J library.

Randoop is a unit test generator for Java. It automatically creates unit tests for your classes, in JUnit format.

UPDATE: KimonoLabs was acquired by Palantir in early 2016, and no longer supports this product. Kimono is a web-scraping tool by KimonoLabs that turns any data on the web into an API. The user selects data from a web page, and Kimono builds a model of the data. Kimono then provides that data in an API, and revisits the original page periodically to keep the API up-to-date.

Questions related to Kotlin Android Extensions

Web scripts provide a way to write small extensions to Alfresco using JavaScript and FreeMarker.

Android MNC is the API level of Android M preview.

Library which provides a simple, socket-oriented API for messaging in Node.JS, using RabbitMQ as a backend.

Questions regarding ARM DS-5 Streamline performance analysis tool.

This tag is for questions about Xcode in the specific version 6.4.

This plugin implements a File API allowing read/write access to files residing on the device.

Cosmos is an implementation of the Big Data GE, allowing the deployment of private computing clusters based on Hadoop ecosystem.

Heka is an open source stream processing software system developed by Mozilla. Heka is a “Swiss Army Knife” type tool for data processing, useful for a wide variety of different tasks.

A JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin for Struts2. This Plugin works as a bridge between Struts2 request flow and JSR-303 Compliant bean Validator like Hibernate Validator.

huBarcode is a Python Library to generate 1D and 2D Barcodes.

Questions relating to the programming metrics tool Wakatime.

The ARM Advanced Microcontroller Bus Architecture (AMBA) encompasses (among others) the APB, AHB and AXI interconnect types, commonly seen on ARM processors.

SourceLink allows .NET library users to download on demand the exact version of the source files.

rworldmap is a package for the r language which is used to map and analyze country level datasets.

trifleJS is a headless browser automation tool that ports the API of PhantomJS to drive Internet Explorer. It can be used for test automation and web scraping. Scripts are written in JavaScript.

A grunt task for including a file within another file (think php includes).

[Python Kafka][1] provides low-level protocol support for Apache Kafka as well as high-level consumer and producer classes. Request batching is supported by the protocol as well as broker-aware request routing. Gzip and Snappy compression is also supported for message sets.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

sacct is a tool that displays accounting data for all jobs and job steps in the SLURM job accounting log or SLURM database

Sketch is a digital design application for Mac.

Framework for developing Office add-ins using .NET platform.

`socklen_t` is an opaque integer type defined in `socket.h`. It is related to socket APIs.

Eden is a PHP Library maintained by Openovate Labs and is simply a set of reusable components, that works with any PHP framework and CMS.

Enplug's SDK provides a rich set of tools for creating an app to run natively on Enplug's DisplayOS, the operating system for business displays. Developers can create either create a Java-based native app, or a JavaScript-based web extension.

webargs is a Python library for parsing HTTP request arguments, with built-in support for popular web frameworks, including Flask, Django, Bottle, Tornado, and Pyramid.

miniz.c is a lossless, high performance data compression library in a single source file that implements the zlib (RFC 1950) and Deflate (RFC 1951) compressed data format specification standards.

pam_unix is the standard Unix authentication module.

matplotlib.widgets provide a simple mechanism for interactive, gui style plots using matplotlib.

n is a CLI for managing multiple Node.js / io.js versions.

Paket is a dependency manager for .NET and Mono projects, which is designed to work well with NuGet packages and also enables referencing files directly from GitHub repositories.

Material Design Lite is an implementation of Material Design for the web by Google.

For PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.5

Use`whatsapi` if your question is relating to whatsapp API. Web or Mobile based application

rspec-puppet is a framework for testing Puppet code with the rspec BDD framework

The Models-3/EDSS Input/Output Applications Programming Interface (I/O API) provides the environmental model developer with an easy-to-learn, easy-to-use programming library for data storage and access, available from both Fortran and C

LeakSanitizer (LSan) is a memory leak detector for GCC and Clang.

EasyPost is an API that lets you add shipping to any application.

GNU Radio Companion (often abbreviated as GRC) is a graphical toolkit to design GNU Radio flowgraphs and whole signal processing algorithms.

Build tools & boilerplate for creating production-quality web apps using Polymer.

Gridpak is a grid system designed for use in responsive projects.

Let's Chat is a persistent messaging application that runs on Node.js and MongoDB. It's designed to be easily deployable and fits well with small, intimate teams. It is open source. This tag can be used for any issue of it

Functions used to choose between competing hypotheses about one or more probability distributions.

a self contained schema which includes a set of sophisticated views, routines and a specialized scripting language (QueryScript), simplifying MySQL server administration and analysis.

DeepDream - a code example for visualizing Neural Networks

EXIficient is a Java library for for reading and writing EXI files.

A Java & .Net library for reading and writing .EXI files, a binary optimized version of XML

XcodeColors allows you to use colors in the Xcode debugging console. It's designed to aid in the debugging process.

It is an arithmetical rule for estimating the area under a curve where the values of an odd number of ordinates, including those at each end, are known.

SBV is a SMT Based Verification in Haskell. Express properties about Haskell programs and automatically prove them using SMT solvers.

Degraph is a Scala library for testing and visualizing dependencies between classes and packages in JVM based code.

Yorick is an interpreted programming language designed for numerics, graph plotting, and steering large scientific simulation codes.

The Taptic Engine is a linear actuator inside Apple Watch that produces haptic feedback

The Real Time Reporting API enables you to request real time data for an authenticated user

NULL

Nodetime is an application performance monitoring and analytics service - an all-round solution for performance profiling, optimization and troubleshooting.

Apache Flink is an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing. Flink supports batch and streaming analytics, in one system. Analytical programs can be written in concise and elegant APIs in Java and Scala.

Data Binding Library to write declarative layouts and minimize the glue code necessary to bind your application logic and layouts.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The Data Binding Library offers both flexibility and broad compatibility — it's a support library, so you can use it with all Android platform versions back to Android 2.1 (API level 7+).

This tool is used to create hosted web applications based on a W3C Web App manifest.

Generate unit tests for your code

Column header band is a section of Jasper report where you can apply information not repeatable. You can use it like a hat over band detail.

Redux is a predictable state container for JavaScript applications based on the Flux design pattern.

Qt 5.5 is the newest version of Qt which is a cross-platform application framework that is widely used for developing application software that can be run on various software and hardware platforms with little or no change in the underlying codebase, while having the power and speed of native applications. Tag this only for the issues with Qt 5.5 not other versions.

EditableGrid is an open source Javascript library to manage grid component

Z-Wave is a home-automation wireless communications specification designed to allow devices in the home to communicate with each other.

Sencha ExtJS is a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications (RIAs).

can-utils is a set of tools that are used for testing, logging and debugging SocketCAN applications in a Linux environment.

Amazon API Gateway is a fully managed service that makes it easy for developers to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIs at any scale.

azk is an orchestration tool for development environments. Run any app environment, completely isolated, in just a few minutes.

.Net cross platform

is a AngularJS directive for the OpenLayers JavaScript library

Windows dev center handles all developer/owner administration of Windows applications. This is not to be confused with managing installed applications on ones Windows installation.

Xcode 7 Beta 3 is the third beta release of Apple's IDE. It fixes many bugs along with the introduction of a few minor updates. The official launch of Xcode 7 will be in September along with iOS 9

A C library implementing Google's Protocol Buffers data format. Mainly targeted towards embedded / limited resources use cases.

Matz's Ruby Interpreter or Ruby MRI (also called CRuby) is the reference implementation of the Ruby programming language named after Ruby creator Yukihiro Matsumoto ("Matz"). Until the specification of the Ruby language in 2011, the MRI implementation was considered the de facto reference.

GoConvey is a 2-pronged testing tool for the Go programming language. The first part is a package you import in your test code that allows the programmer to write tests in a BDD-like style. The second part is a web server you can run which executes your tests as you make changes to code and displays the results in a web browser.

Tag questions for this meteor package: https://github.com/meteorhacks/flow-router#subscription-management

Perl's built-in console-mode debugger

Version 2 of [pymongo]

Version 3 of [pymongo]

Amazon Aurora is a MySQL-compatible relational database management system (RDBMS) that combines the speed and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases.

Python library for dynamic task scheduling and parallel numpy/pandas computations

 iOS Share Sheets,

Performance monitoring tool for Meteor

Gyroscope is a PHP framework that implements a set of UIs that visualize and modify the relationships among database entries.

enables access to Facebook’s advertising platform

Autodesk® Scaleform® enables developers to leverage the power of the Adobe® Flash® tool set to create powerful and immersive user interface (UI) environments for PCs, game consoles, mobile devices, and consumer electronics. Used across most major platforms, Scaleform middleware provides a design-driven workflow for creating high-performance menus, graphics, and 2.5D UI elements.

Amazon Directory Services is a service offered as part of Amazon Web Services.

Exact Online is an online accounting program. It has a CSV, XML and REST API to communicate with.

IBM Presence Insights helps you understand mobile activity in and around a physical location, such as retail establishments. Presence Insights applies real-time analytics to identify trends and execute user engagement strategies through mobile devices.

The AEM Developer Tools are a set of Eclipse plug-in that brings you the full connection to the Adobe Experience Manager.

The Prometheus monitoring system, including the server, alertmanager, push gateway, exporters, client libraries and other components.

NULL

The primary way for apps to read and write to the Facebook social graph.

A platform for marking up the world to make your apps and devices work smarter by providing timely, contextual information.

OpenJML is a tool for working with logical annotations in Java programs.

The Web Push API http://w3c.github.io/push-api/ lets users of your Web app receive push notifications at any time—even in the background; that is, even when your Web app is not currently running in the foreground on the user’s device (or even when the browser on the user’s device is not currently running). It use Service Workers to handle messages sent using common push services, and to allow your Web app to react to the push notifications it receives.

Developed by Google, Eddystone is an open source beacon specification using Bluetooth low energy.&#xD;&#xA;

The Boost.Polygon library provides algorithms focused on manipulating planar polygon geometry data.

A W3C tool for Web developers to check the mobile-friendliness of their Web page or Web app.

YouCompleteMe is an autocomplete and diagnostics plugin for Vim.

Code Coverage Measurement for C/C++ and C#

Mozilla Firefox synchronization feature that allows users to partially synchronize bookmarks, browsing history, preferences, passwords, filled forms, add-ons, and opened tabs across multiple computers.

A free open-source alternative to Geckoboard.

array_agg() is a database function to aggregate an attribute from different rows into a single array. It is a built-in function in PostgreSQL, HSQLDB and DB2.

Yosys is an open-source framework for (Verilog) HDL synthesis and formal verification. It is highly customizable using scripts and a C++ extensions API.

jQuery Selectric is a jQuery plugin designed to help at stylizing and customize HTML selects by Leonardo Santos

Structured columnar data, analogous to pandas or R dataframes, but with a spark RDD basis, allowing massive, distributed SQL-like operation.

algebraixlib is a Python 3 package that provides constructs and facilities to harness the fundamentals&#xD;&#xA;of data algebra. For questions about the mathematics of data algebra, post at http://math.stackexchange.com/ with the tag [data-algebra].

SuiteScript is a JavaScript-based API that gives developers the ability to extend NetSuite beyond the capabilities provided through SuiteBuilder point-and-click customization.

With Google Speech API you can convert speech to text file based or live stream

NULL

The Dropbox JavaScript SDK is a lightweight, promise based interface to the Dropbox v2 API that works in both nodejs and browser environments.

In JPA Entity Graphs give the ability to specify fetch plans.

Interleave - mix two or more digital signals by alternating between them.

OpenJSCAD is a web-based 2D and 3D modeling tool that uses JavaScript.

MINDBODY online platform and SOAP-based API.

The Q_GADGET macro is a lighter version of the Q_OBJECT macro for classes that do not inherit from QObject but still want to use some of the reflection capabilities offered by QMetaObject. Just like the Q_OBJECT macro, it must appear in the private section of a class definition.

In machine learning, grid search refers to multiple runs to find the optimal value of parameter(s)/hyperparameter(s) of a model, e.g. mtry for random-forest or alpha, beta, lambda for glm, or C, kernel and gamma for SVM.

UMG or Unreal Motion Graphics, is the GUI based editor for the Slate GUI library. UMG was introduced as an experimental feature in Unreal Engine 4.5, and has become stable and accepted as a major feature in later engine versions. Use this tag for all questions relating to Unreal UMG and widgets.

Zelig is an easy-to-use, free, open source, general purpose statistics program for estimating, interpreting, and presenting results from any statistical method. Zelig turns the power of R, with thousands of open source packages — but with free ranging syntax, diverse examples, and documentation written for different audiences — into the same three commands and consistent documentation for every method.

A gem for linting haml files. https://github.com/brigade/haml-lint

environ is a Clojure library for accessing environment variables

The Popover is a view that floats above an app’s content. Popovers provide an easy way to present or gather information from the user. E.g. Show more info about the current view, Select a commonly used tool or configuration and Present a list of actions to perform inside one of your views.&#xD;&#xA;Put the content of the popover inside of an <ion-popover-view> element.

gulp-angular-templatecache - Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the $templateCache.

React Components that Implement Google's Material Design. &#xD;&#xA;http://material-ui.com

pylibmc is a Python client for memcached written in C.

Standard for pointing to a specific value within a JSON document

The Optimized Row Columnar (ORC) file format provides a highly efficient way to store Hive data. It was designed to overcome limitations of the other Hive file formats. Using ORC files improves performance when Hive is reading, writing, and processing data.

Apache Calcite is a data management framework. It has an implementation of relational algebra, an extensible cost-based optimizer, and an optional SQL parser and JDBC driver.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Calcite is used by Apache Hive and Apache Drill as their query optimizers, and you can use it as a framework to build your own data engine.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Calcite is undergoing incubation at the Apache Software Foundation sponsored by the Apache Incubator, and was previously known as Optiq.

User Communication Integration Protocol (UCIP) is an application-level network protocol, used to integrate with Ericsson's Charging System.

WebAssembly is a portable, size- and load-time-efficient binary format, serving as a compilation target which can be compiled to execute at native speed by taking advantage of common hardware capabilities available on a wide range of platforms, including mobile and IoT.

CBMC is a bounded model checker for C and C++

Grant is OAuth middleware for Express, Koa and Hapi web frameworks for NodeJS.

A charting library for iOS, written in swift.

Clojure DSL for Apache Spark

WSO2 Message Brokers enable applications to exchange communications asynchronously or publish messages for timely access by many subscribers. For example, news bureaus can publish different categories of news – business, sports, science and technology, weather – and consumers can subscribe to the latest news that interests them.

The IMA.js is a application development stack for developing isomorphic applications written in pure JavaScript.

SlamData is an open source project that lets you run SQL queries on MongoDB.

Version 5.16 of the Perl programming language.

Tag for questions related to Ruby Object Mapper project

Change.org is a website that provides a freemium petition tool for more than 100 million users and hosts sponsored campaigns for organizations.

SonarLint is an extension to your favorite IDE that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

A vCPU stands for Virtual Central Processing Unit. One or more vCPUs are assigned to every Virtual Machine (VM) within a cloud environment. Each vCPU is seen as a single physical CPU core by the VM's operating system.

RTTS (RunTime Type Services) allows to get the definition of variables or to create them during program execution. Part of SAP/ABAP. For more details see http://wiki.scn.sap.com/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=42965.

Akka Typed is a (currently in-development) extension of Akka providing an alternate actor definition API, allowing for type-safe behavior definition.

angular-datatables is a wrapper for jQuery dataTables. It exposes an Angular module that provides a datatable directive along with datatable options helpers.

Use this tag for questions related to the SQL

RSBarcodes allows you to read 1D and 2D barcodes using the metadata scanning capabilities introduced with iOS 7 and generate the same set of barcode images for displaying and sharing.

SWXMLHash is a third-party XML parser for swift

Opencart modules are used for some special functionality you want in your store, which are not provided by default.

CANoe is the comprehensive software tool for development, test and analysis of entire ECU networks and individual ECUs.

project.json is the project definition file used by .NET Core in version 1.0 and earlier.

OpenDNS is a company and service which extends the Domain Name System by adding features such as phishing protection and optional content filtering to traditional recursive DNS services

shinyjs is an R package that lets you perform common useful JavaScript operations in Shiny applications without having to know any JavaScript. It can also be used to easily run your own custom JavaScript functions from R.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

The GROUPING SETS operator is an extensions of the GROUP BY clause. It can generate the same result set as when you use UNION ALL to combine single grouping queries; however, using

Gradle plugin for Android projects that controls annotation processing features.

WSO2 Business Process Management is a key technology for increasing productivity and re-energizing businesses, making them more competitive. The WSO2 Business Process Server enables developers to easily deploy business processes written using the WS-BPEL standard, and also serves as the business process management and hosting environment for your SOA.

Restcomm is a turn-key telephony SaaS solution ready for public or private cloud deployment. Restcomm is compatible with Twilio API’s and is part of the Mobicents open source community

GUIText is a ui element for displaying text which is used inside unity3d before unity version 4.6.

Questions pertaining to V2 of the AWS SDK

UI Testing in Xcode was introduced in Xcode 7, allowing a developer to write UI tests in Swift/Objective-C. The primary method of interacting with an app is via an instance of XCUIApplication. Tests run via the Product > Test menu item or from the editor, with results displayed in the Test navigator. Not to be confused with the older UI Automation which used UIATarget and JavaScript.

Apple's Xcode 7 beta 4 is a prerelease version of Xcode 7 supporting development of iOS, Mac OS X and watchOS apps. It was released on July 21, 2015.

Facebook sdk 4.x is latest set of API for Facebook developers. It has two branches:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;- Facebook C#/.Net SDK 4.0&#xD;&#xA;- Facebook PHP SDK 4.0

For questions about the API of Xero, the cloud-based accounting application for small and medium businesses.

an IOS SDK which allows users to communicate via a number of methods (Slack, Zendesk, CRM or E-mail)

Behavior UI is a set of UI components based on [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) and (optionally) [Flat UI](http://designmodo.github.io/Flat-UI/) coupled with a JavaScript framework for building interactive components with a inline declaration for their invocation.&#xD;&#xA;

Dell Boomi is a cloud-based integration service.

Use this tag if your question relates to the Yii2-model-class or one of its descendants.

Use this tag if your question relates to the Yii2-validation-system, no matter if your validation is within a model or as standalaone validator-instances.

The Azure Active Directory Graph API provides programmatic access to Azure Active Directory through REST API endpoints. Apps can use the Azure AD Graph API to perform create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) operations on directory data and directory objects, such as users, groups, and organizational contacts.

For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.10.

For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 4.

RxGroovy – Reactive Extensions for the Groovy programming language – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Groovy programming language. It can be found at https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxGroovy

PUSH_PROMISE is http/2 header that is used to add resources that are used on the page with initial request to reduce the amount of calls between server and client.

MultiSelect progessively enhances an ordinary multiple select control into elegant drop down list of checkboxes, stylable with ThemeRoller.

Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.2 For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag apache-spark.

Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.3 For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag [apache-spark].

Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.4. For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag [apache-spark].

Beautify-IOS is a framework that enhances Apple's UIKit controls, re-rendering them to give you much more control over their visual appearance.

MDAnalysis is an object-oriented python toolkit to analyze molecular dynamics trajectories. It allows one to read molecular dynamics trajectories and access the atomic coordinates through NumPy arrays. This provides a flexible and relatively fast framework for complex analysis tasks. Fairly complete atom Selection Commands are implemented. Trajectories can also be manipulated and written out in a range of formats.

Lerp is a function which Interpolates between to values in a specific time `t` to create smooth animations.

The optional operator marks a declaration as optional. It is denoted by the ? (in swift) or Nullable<T> (in Java).

CSS parser for Python

Rust bindings and wrappers for gnome libraries

Assembly language for the fictitious TIS-100 architecture.

a javascript framework for creating reusable, composable, and interchangeable UI widgets and applications.

Lightweight video thumbnailer that can be used by file managers to create thumbnails for video files

Motorengine is an ODM product built on Python Motor. It strives to be 100% compatible with [MongoEngine][1] as far as the data in mongoDB goes.

NULL

fastlane is a Continuous Delivery solution for mobile apps. It consists out of several tools to automate the various aspects of your deployment pipeline

MechanicalSoup is a Python library for automated web browsing and form handling. It is built on top of the requests and BeautifulSoup libraries.

NWebsec is a collection of open source security libraries that manage security headers for ASP.NET applications.

Private key that occurs in asymmetric cryptography algorithms such as RSA and Diffie-Hellman as the counterpart to a public key. The private key must never be divulged while the public key can be made available to everyone. If your question is not pertaining specifically to the private key (usage/encoding/etc.), you should use more appropriate tags such as [public-key-encryption], [digital-signature], [diffie-hellman] or even [cryptography].

 Universal Office Converter - Convert between any document format supported by LibreOffice/OpenOffice.&#xD;&#xA;

The OpenGrm Thrax tools compile grammars expressed as regular expressions and context-dependent rewrite rules into weighted finite-state transducers. It makes use of functionality in the OpenFst library to create, access and manipulate compiled grammars.

The OpenGrm Thrax Grammar Compiler is a set of tools for compiling grammars expressed as regular expressions and context-dependent rewrite rules into weighted finite-state transducers using the OpenFst format.

Moltin is an e-commerce platform written in PHP and SDKs written in a number of languages, including JavaScript, IOS, Android, Ruby and Python.

NULL

NULL

The Office 365 API lets developers build apps that use data stored within Office365. These can be stand-alone apps or plugins within the Office365 web apps.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Office 365 API Platform Overview: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/office/office365/howto/platform-development-overview

Automating testing of responsive websites using the Galen Framework

HTML Imports are a way to include and reuse HTML documents in other HTML documents.

The Parallella board is a high performance computing platform based on a dual core ARM A9 Zynq System-On-Chip and Adapteva’s Epiphany multicore coprocessor

Figaro is a Rails app configuration library.

Probabilistic programming language based on Scala

PyKD is an extension for [tag:windbg] which provides Python scripting capabilities.

SurviveJS book issues

Internet threat which infects a web browser by modifying or inserting data complexly invisible to both the user and host web application

Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed. It can contribute to efficiency in the program's operation if properly and appropriately used. The opposite of lazy loading is eager loading.

Pytumblr is a Python Tumblr API v2 Client.

Grav is a open-source, flat-file, PHP-based CMS.

The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.

Passport strategies for authenticating with Google using OAuth 1.0a and OAuth 2.0.

NZPLSQL is an interpreted language used to implement stored procedures in IBM Netezza host environment.

NULL

Enables caching in Spring-managed beans, by using Java Annotations and Spring/AspectJ AOP on top of the spymemcached, xmemcached or aws-elasticache client. Can work as a cache back-end for memcached in Spring Cache abstraction (@Cacheable).

fzf is a general-purpose command-line fuzzy finder written in Go.

A lightweight, non-blocking web server for F#

A library for handling CSV files in Apache Spark.

RxSwift's intention is to enable easy composition of asynchronous operations and event/data streams. Use this tag only for questions that are specific to the RxSwift - Reactive Programming paradigm, or those that require code in the language. Use the related tags [ios], [osx], [apple-watch], [cocoa-touch], and [cocoa] for (language-agnostic) questions about the platforms or frameworks.

jQuery Dirty Forms monitors forms for unsaved changes and alerts the user before leaving the page or closing the browser window. Support for custom widgets, rich text editors, dialog frameworks, IFrames, UMD, and more.

Not to be confused with Zim Wiki (http://zim-wiki.org/).&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;ZIM is a product from Canadian ZIM Corporation (http://www.zim.biz/). Entity-Relationship Architecture and "English-like" 4GL, offers improved performance and functionality that will take complex database applications to a new level. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Zim’s data manipulation, data connectivity, and high performance relational database enables rapid prototyping of enterprise solutions.

Anypoint Studio (formerly know as Mule Studio) is an Eclipse-based integration development environment from MuleSoft.

On-demand resources (ODR) is introduced in iOS 9. ODR are app contents that are hosted on the Apple App Store and are separate from the related app bundle that you download. They enable smaller app bundles, faster downloads, and richer app content.

Privet is a Cloud Device Local Discovery API used by cloud services.

reCAPTCHA is a free service to protect your website from spam and abuse. reCAPTCHA uses an advanced risk analysis engine and adaptive CAPTCHAs to keep automated software from engaging in abusive activities on your site. It does this while letting your valid users pass through with ease.

Dispatch is a library for asynchronous HTTP interaction. It provides a Scala vocabulary for Java’s async-http-client. The latest release version is 0.11.2.

JavaScript driver for RethinkDB

ICE (Interactive Connectivity Establishment) is a protocol used to choose the best path between two users (even with NAT or Firewall issues).

Official orientdb driver for node.js. Fast, lightweight, uses the binary protocol.

Cornice provides helpers to build & document REST-ish Web Services with Pyramid, with decent default behaviors. It takes care of following the HTTP specification in an automated way where possible.

Automatonymous is a free, open-source state machine library for .NET.

The process of getting and processing the content of a directory.

Kickflip is an open-source mobile video broadcasting service with iOS and android SDKs.

OzCode is a debugging extension for Visual Studio by CodeValue that provides a set of powerful debugging tools.

 A simple project creation tool that uses packaged project templates.

Tabris.js is a mobile framework that lets you develop native iOS and Android apps from a single code base written entirely in JavaScript.

The Universal Windows Platform is a common platform for all devices running Windows 10. The UWP is separated into device families like PC, Mobile, IoT and many more. The UWP allows you to use common code for all device families.

FixedDataTable is a React component for building and presenting data in a flexible, powerful way. It supports standard table features, like headers, columns, rows, header groupings, and both fixed-position and scrolling columns. The table was designed to handle thousands of rows of data without sacrificing performance. Scrolling smoothly is a first-class goal of FixedDataTable and it's architected in a way to allow for flexibility and extensibility.

A C# port of the QuickFIX engine, a library for communicating via the FIX protocol.

NULL

For concerns over ensuring code will work regardless of the implementation of the language, interpreter, standard, etc

ng-annotate adds and removes AngularJS dependency injection annotations.

This plug-in allows the user to rebuild a parametrized build without entering the parameters again.It will also allow the user to edit the parameters before rebuilding.

SYSTIMESTAMP is an Oracle built-in function that returns the system date, including fractional seconds and time zone, of the system on which the database resides. The return type is TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE.

In computing, an abstraction layer or abstraction level is a way of hiding the implementation details of a particular set of functionality, allowing the separation of concerns to facilitate interoperability and platform independence.

CachedResource is a Ruby gem whose goal is to increase the performance of interacting with web services via ActiveResource by caching responses based on request parameters. It can help reduce the lag created by making repeated requests across a network.

The Azure Active Directory (AD) Graph API provides programmatic access to Azure AD through OData REST API endpoints. Applications can use the Graph API to perform create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) operations on directory data and objects.

Login with Amazon is Amazon's identity provider. It allows users to login to registered third party websites or apps using their Amazon user name and password.

Stuff on top of Compojure for making sweet web apis.

Kefir is a Reactive Programming library for JavaScript inspired by Bacon.js and RxJS, with focus on high performance and low memory usage.

MCStats / Plugin Metrics is the de facto statistical engine for Bukkit.

For questions related to using the Terminal App in OSX.

Apache Utils are the tools provided by Apache Web Server

Mongify is a data translator system for moving SQL data to MongoDB.

Paranoia is a re-implementation of the `acts_as_paranoid` plugin that uses much less code. It works for Rails 3 and Rails 4.&#xD;&#xA;

NULL

Azure Resource Manager is a technology within the Azure platform which allows you to create / manage Azure resources.

Error bars are a graphical representation of the variability of data and are used on graphs to indicate the error, or uncertainty in a reported measurement.

The Java Persistence API (JPA) is a Java application programming interface specification that describes the management of relational data in applications using Java Platform, Standard Edition and Java Platform, Enterprise Edition.

Contains classes that support connections between devices that are within close range.

All of Meteor's functionality is implemented in modular packages. In addition to the core packages documented above, there are many others that you can add to your app to enable useful functionality.

A Websocket signalling server written in the [go] language for WebRTC. For particle/object collision detection in simulations or games, please use [collision-detection] instead.

mlr is a machine learning package for R that provides an interface to many other packages.

An open source tool for managing the park of Sitecore instances.

RESTier is a turn-key library for building RESTful services on top of OData

The DNX Utility (dnu) command-line tool provides utility functions for package management in DNX projects.

Dynamics NAV is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) development platform produced by Microsoft. Use this tag for issues that are specific for Dynamics NAV 2015.

Responsive-images is the part of Responsive Web Design (RWD) dealing specifically with images on the web

LINQ to JavaScript (JSLINQ) is LINQ to Objects for JavaScript arrays, and adds power and flexibility of LINQ style queries to traditional JavaScript code

Neo4j OGM is a fast object-graph mapping library for Neo4j, optimised for server-based installations and utilising Cypher via the transactional HTTP endpoint.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Neo4j-OGM aims to simplify development with the Neo4j graph database and like JPA, it uses annotations on simple POJO domain objects. Together with metadata, the annotations drive mapping the POJO entities and their fields to nodes, relationships, and properties in the graph database.

PayUmoney is an online payment wallet provider.

The Python interface – pycaffe – is the caffe module and its scripts in caffe/python.

VimL, or VimScript, is the scripting language used to program (and configure) the Vim editor.

Jukito is a library that combines Junit, Guice, and Mockito into a single tool to make injecting mocks into unit tests easier.

MS Test Authoring and Execution Framework

A commercial development platform for server-side photorealistic 3D rendering using the GPU accelerated NVIDIA Iray rendering engine. RealityServer exposes JSON-RPC based Web services over HTTP for integration with application logic as well as a JavaScript and C++ server-side plugin API.

The commercetools platform is a scalabale HTTP API-based cloud eCommerce solution that allows developers to create commerce solutions for all devices and platforms

For questions relating to the HTML5 SSE (Server Sent Events) API; the JavaScript object is called EventSource.

GeoGebra is an interactive geometry, algebra, statistics and calculus application, intended for learning and teaching mathematics and science from primary school to university level.

This is the Symfony 2.8.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the symfony2 tag if your question is specific to Symfony 2.8.x — not just 2.x.&#xD;&#xA;

Parametric or generic namespaces are a specialization of parametric polymorphism where type parameters are defined on an outer construct that itself contains types that share access to the type parameters.

The Internet Content Adaptation Protocol (ICAP) is a lightweight HTTP-like protocol used to extend transparent proxy servers, thereby freeing up resources and standardizing the way in which new features are implemented.

Foo Gallery allows for better image gallery management within WordPress. Built to be simple for users and highly flexible for developers.

For questions relating to the Nexus 6 phablet.

mozjpeg is Mozilla JPEG Encoder Project. It's like libjpeg, but it has vastly improved (in terms of compression/quality efficiency) JPEG encoder. This project's goal is to reduce the size of JPEG files without reducing quality or compatibility with the vast majority of the world's deployed decoders.

SEO friendly Symfony2 paginator to sort and paginate.

Deployer is a deployment tool written in PHP.

NULL

CSS Crush is a PHP based CSS pre-processor — designed to enable a modern and uncluttered CSS workflow.

Cake (C# Make) is a build automation system with a C# DSL to do things like compiling code, copy files/folders, running unit tests, compress files and build NuGet packages. http://cakebuild.net/&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Apple's Xcode 7 beta 5 is a prerelease version of Xcode 7 released on August 6, 2015.

BootstrapValidator is the jQuery plugin to validate form fields, designed to use with Bootstrap 3, developed by nghuuphuoc

Omeka is a free, open source content management system for online digital collections. As a web application, it allows users to publish and exhibit cultural heritage objects, and extend its functionality with themes and plugins.

Propel2 is the next major version of an open-source Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) for PHP5. It allows you to access your database using a set of objects, providing a simple API for storing and retrieving data.

Windows Bridge for iOS (also referred to as WinObjC) is a Microsoft open source project that provides an Objective-C development environment for Visual Studio/Windows. In addition, WinObjC provides support for iOS API compatibility.

guava-testlib is a Google Guava library extension dedicated to unit-tests.

Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.6

Rogue is an elegant, extendable code highlighter written in pure Ruby. It's an open source project maintained at https://github.com/jneen/rouge

A JavaScript library for internationalization and localization that leverages the official Unicode CLDR JSON data.

jsblocks is an MVish framework for creating web applications that claims to be faster than Angular and even react.js.

TFS aggregator is a Server side plugin to automatically calculate or update work item fields based on rules. These are executed when the work item is saved on the server. The latest version can be found on GitHub.

Python library for working with time built on top of pytz and dateutil.

Dartson is a dart library which converts Dart Objects into their JSON representation. It helps you keep your code clean of fromJSON and toJSON functions by using dart:mirrors reflection.

g2o is a graph-based sparse matrix optimization library for C++, with an emphasis on robotics.

HIPI is an image processing library designed to be used with the Apache Hadoop MapReduce parallel programming framework.

NULL

tumpwm is a window manager written entirely in Common Lisp. It attempts to be highly customizable while relying entirely on the keyboard for input. You will not find buttons, icons, title bars, tool bars, or any of the other conventional GUI widgets.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;These design decisions reflect the growing popularity of productive, customizable lisp based systems.

Static site generator geared towards building project documentation

The Microsoft process status application programming interface (PSAPI) is a helper library that makes it easier for you to obtain information about processes and device drivers.

ISPConfig is an open source hosting control panel for Linux, licensed under BSD license and developed by the company ISPConfig UG.

pdfrw is a pure-Python library that reads and writes PDF files

JSON parsing library developed by BlueLine Labs

De Casteljau's algorithm is a recursive method to evaluate polynomials in Bernstein form or Bézier curves, named after its inventor Paul de Casteljau. De Casteljau's algorithm can also be used to split a single Bézier curve into two Bézier curves at an arbitrary parameter value.

Monocle is a Lens library, or more generally an Optics library where Optics gather the concepts of Lens, Traversal, Optional, Prism and Iso. Monocle is strongly inspired by Haskell Lens.

Oolong Engine is a C++ / Objective-C game engine targeting iOS

Offline.js is a library to automatically alert your users when they've lost internet connectivity, like Gmail.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It captures AJAX requests which were made while the connection was down, and remakes them when it's back up, so your app reacts perfectly.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It has a number of beautiful themes and requires no configuration.

Ninja Forms is a form creation framework for WordPress.

Used to test for null before performing a member access (?.) or index (?[) operation.

This is a Python library that wraps around the Telegram bot API.

An charting product from amCharts, used to create Stock and other date/time-based charts

re-frame is a pattern for writing SPAs in ClojureScript, using Reagent.

Windows Phone enables companies to publish and distribute Windows Phone apps directly to their employees or other users, bypassing the Windows Phone Store.

wp-cli is a command line interface for WordPress.

Questions regarding the lifecycle of iOS apps (e.g. when are applicationDidBecomeActive or applicationWillTerminate called, or when is the best time to do certain initialisations or actions).

JPPF is an open source framework and grid computing middleware, written in Java, that makes it easy to parallelize computationally intensive tasks and execute them on a grid

The Eddystone-URL frame broadcasts a URL using a compressed encoding format in order to fit more within the limited advertisement packet.

For questions regarding the IBM product Tealeaf.

Google cAdvisor (Container Advisor) provides container users an understanding of the resource usage and performance characteristics of their running containers. It is a running daemon that collects, aggregates, processes, and exports information about running containers.

Boosting is the process of enhancing the relevancy of a document or field

cljc is the new file-extension for Reader Conditionals in Clojure 1.7.

FluentBootstrap provides extensions, helper classes, model binding, and other goodies to help you use the Bootstrap CSS framework from .NET code.

The command-line program jpegtran provides several features for reformatting and recoding the representation of the DCT coefficients, for transformation of actual image data and for discarding auxiliary data in JPEG files, respectively.

`sinopia` is an open source web application providing a private npm repository server.&#xD;&#xA;

`yapm` is a package manager for node.js, in fact a npm fork from io.js, node.js compatible, providing several interesting new features.&#xD;&#xA;

iojs is an npm compatible platform originally based on Node.js

RESTHeart is a RESTful gateway for access to MongoDB. Learn more at [restheart.org](http://restheart.org/)

la4j (Linear Algebra for Java) is an open source Java library that provides Linear Algebra primitives (matrices and vectors) and algorithms.

Hibernate-the object-relational mapping framework for the Java language released new version 5.x with enhanced features like query parser,multi-tenancy improvements,follow-on fetches,OSGi improvements etc.

An ADO.NET data provider for MDX queries

A collection of CSS list scroll effects. Works in browsers with support for CSS 3D transforms including a special touch-enabled mode for iOS & Android 4.x.

The Struts2 Spring plugin provides integration with Spring framework.

Portable Computing Language (pocl) strives to have improved portability and performance without the need for specific target device configuration, using compiler optimisations. With a view to becoming

An extensible Modelica-based open source platform for optimization, simulation, and analysis of complex dynamic systems.

Github Desktop is an official desktop app for Mac and Windows, used to contribute to projects on GitHub and GitHub Enterprise.

The Docker Toolbox is an installer to quickly and easily install and setup a Docker environment on your computer.

checklist-model is an Angular directive to bind a list of checkboxes to an array.

Simple library to make working with STL files (and 3D objects in general) fast and easy.

The Google Mobile Vision API

`biwavelet` is an `R` package used to perform univariate and bivariate wavelet analyses. Wavelet analyses are resolved in the time and frequency domains, and thus ideal for identifying changes over time in the contribution of each frequency (or period) of a time series.

HttpAsyncClient component of the Apache HttpComponents project.

Banana-rdf is a Scala library for working with RDF.

IO library for Windows

NULL

Spine is an animation tool that focuses specifically on 2D animation for games. Spine aims to have an efficient, streamlined workflow, both for creating animations and for making use of those animations in games.

The vision package (com.google.android.gms.vision) provides common functionality for working with visual object detectors.&#xD;&#xA;Face Detection in Google Play services 7.8, includes vision API for detecting faces and barcodes.

µ-law (a.k.a. mu-law) is an algorithm used in audio processing.

The enhanced ecommerce plug-in for analytics.js enables the measurement of user interactions with products on ecommerce websites across the user's shopping experience, including: product impressions, product clicks, viewing product details, adding a product to a shopping cart, initiating the checkout process, transactions, and refunds.

Virtus allows you to define attributes on classes, modules or class instances with optional information about types, reader/writer method visibility and coercion behavior. It supports a lot of coercions and advanced mapping of embedded objects and collections.

Grunt plugin for converting AngularJS templates to JavaScript

PHP Library to load pages through PhantomJS

WebExtensions are a way to write Firefox extensions that are compatible with other browsers such as Google Chrome, and Opera. Microsoft plans to bring support to their Edge browser soon. Questions requiring a MCVE (i.e. debugging questions) should include your manifest.json file in addition to all other files needed to duplicate the problem.

Deploy, test and debug Android apps with our fast, free, and best-of-breed Android emulator.

NULL

Block-programming refers to the interaction mode used to program in languages such as MIT Scratch, Google Blockly, or

Django uses Python's builtin logging module. For questions related to logging tasks in Django.

A Padding Oracle Attack exploits ciphertext decryptor to recover the plaintext by sending multiple manipulated ciphertexts. Use the [poodle-attack] if your question is explicitly about POODLE. If your question isn't directly related to programming/software dev, you should better ask it on security.stackexchange.com for general questions and on crypto.stackexchange.com for details about the cryptography behind it.

Unity 5 is a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies.&#xD;&#xA;It is a commercial development platform for creating games, interactive 2D and 3D applications, training simulations, and medical and architectural visualizations.

Olympus Camera Kit is the Software Development Kit (SDK) for OLYMPUS Open Platform Cameras (OPCs). You can easily develop applications to control a camera via wireless communication.

Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java

A ember extenstion that makes creating HTML forms easier.&#xD;&#xA;

A simple utility from Facebook for pluggable JS syntax transforms using the esprima parser.

AWS Key Management Service (KMS) is an encryption and key management service scaled for the cloud. KMS keys and functionality are used by other AWS services, and you can use them to protect data in your own applications that use AWS.

Netflix JavaScript library for efficient data fetching.

The Percent package provides APIs to support adding and managing percentage based dimensions in your app.

Streamparse is a software package that runs Python code inside the Java-based Apache Storm.

Android v7/v14 Preference Support Library

NULL

Squirrel.Windows is an installation and update framework for Windows desktop apps.

Questions about the Echo Nest API (http://developer.echonest.com)

Klarna is a payment service for online storefronts. Klarna was founded in Stockholm in 2005 with the idea to simplify buying. Their core service is to assume stores' claims for payments and handle customer payments, thus eliminating the risk for seller and buyer

Cryptographic Message Syntax Standard

Apple Music is a music streaming service created by Apple Inc.

Java Agent for Memory Measurements.

NULL

IMS-DB is the database-component of IBM's Information Management System (IMS).

SeedStack is a full-stack solution enabling teams to build great applications easily and efficiently. It includes the best Java/Web technologies and promotes an architecture that scales from one developer to vast organizations. It is simple for the newcomer yet powerful and extensible for the seasoned developer.

spark-ec2 is designed to manage multiple named clusters.

A Bluetooth peripheral device is generally defined as any auxiliary device such as a computer mouse or keyboard that connects to and works with the computer with a Bluetooth connection

Questions about development for the Samsung Galaxy Gear-VR, a head-mounted virtual reality display.

A Falcor Router is an implementation of the DataSource interface.

Gridifier is a tool to build a responsive grid framework for modern websites.

8th Version of MarkLogic - An Enterprise NoSQL Database

NULL

Meteor iOS integrates native iOS apps with the Meteor platform (http://www.meteor.com) through DDP. It offers full support for latency compensation and supports a Core Data programming model. It has been written in Objective-C, but is also perfectly usable from Swift.

readr is an R package that provides a fast and friendly way to read tabular data.

AWS Device Farm helps you to improve the quality of your iOS, Android, and web applications&#xD;&#xA;by testing them against real phones and tablets in the AWS Cloud.

Angular.js directives for nvd3.js

Shellsort is a sorting algorithm that is a modification of insertion sort in which elements are compared across gaps of different sizes.

Intercom is a paid for service that provides tools around chat, customer chat, customer engagement, and customer acquisition.

NULL

Collection of simple helper functions that abstract some specifics or the raw API.

StylingEditor is a map style customization tool for the Scout Developer Platform (SKMaps)

Complications are small elements that appear on the watch face and provide quick access to frequently used data.

mCustomScrollbar is a highly customizable custom scrollbar jQuery plugin.

Pixman is a low-level software library for pixel manipulation, providing features such as image compositing and trapezoid rasterization.

Slack is a team collaboration tool.

PhpFastCache is a PHP based high-performance, distributed object caching system, generic in nature, but intended for use in speeding up dynamic web applications by alleviating database load.

Android Marshmallow, formerly known as just "Android M", is version 6.0 of Android, and began shipping in October 2015.

Blend assists in customising GUIs; there are more features that focus purely on design and function of the GUI and its controls than within Visual Studio. It works with Visual Studio, so that project changes can be saved and updated between IDEs. It is similar to Visual Studio and will automatically generate the code for the designed layout and functionality. It is not designed to write programs.

MSBuild is a short for Microsoft Build, which is a tool to build .net applications. You also can create scripts to automate tasks related with build process in .net applications. This tag is realted with msbuild v14.0.

The Android Support Library package is a set of code libraries that provide backward-compatible versions of Android framework APIs as well as features that are only available through the library APIs. Each Support Library is backward-compatible to a specific Android API level.

Orchard is a Content Management System (CMS) build on top of ASP.NET. The project is aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform. Version 1.9 was released in May 2015. This tag is intended for questions that specifically regard Version 1.9.x&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;See http://www.orchardproject.net/ and https://github.com/OrchardCMS/Orchard

The Samsung Galaxy Note Edge is an Android phablet produced by Samsung Electronics. Unveiled during a Samsung press conference at IFA Berlin on September 3, 2014 alongside its sister, the Galaxy Note 4, it is distinguished by a display that curves across the right side of the device, which can be used as a sidebar to display application shortcuts, notifications, and other information.

This is a technical preview of the JavaScript reference implementation for GraphQL, a query language created by Facebook for describing data requirements on complex application data models.

NULL

QuTiP is a quantum mechanics module in Python.

AWS CodeCommit is a fully-managed source control service that makes it easy for companies to host secure and highly scalable private Git repositories.

A document type within the context of a Content Management System is an underlying data structure that defines a model for page content.

EmberCLI Rails is an integration story between (surprise suprise) EmberCLI and Rails 3.1 and up. It is designed to provide an easy way to organize your Rails backed EmberCLI application with a specific focus on upgradeability. Rails and Ember [slash EmberCLI] are maintained by different teams with different goals. As such, we believe that it is important to ensure smooth upgrading of both aspects of your application.

Helmet is a javascript library that helps you secure your Express apps by setting various HTTP headers.

Key-value store implementation for Apache Spark

Xamarin Android Player is an Android emulator from Xamarin. It uses VirtualBox to run the Android images. Currently in Preview.

App Thinning (iOS, watchOS)

Dart-RPC is a package for building server-side RESTful Dart APIs.

NVIDIA Deep Learning GPU Training System (DIGITS) is a GUI for training and developing deep neural networks.

rospy is a pure Python client library for the Robot Operating System (ROS)

Apache Empire-db is a relational database abstraction layer and data persistence component that allows developers to take a much more SQL-centric approach in application development than traditional Object-relational mapping frameworks (ORM).

Kinto is an open-source web-service that helps storing, synchronising and sharing JSON objects.&#xD;&#xA;Add this tag if you want Kinto developers to help you about using, configuring or adding functionality to Kinto.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Documentation can be found here: http://kinto.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

Chrome custom tabs give apps more control over their web experience, and make transitions between native and web content more seamless without having to resort to a WebView. Chrome custom tabs allow an app to customize how Chrome looks and feels.

Fast and scalable Owin Web Server in pure .Net 4.5 (it does not use HttpListener)

An open source Routing and URL Rewriting solution for Servlet, Java Web Frameworks, and Java EE.

Hexagon is a Digital Signal Processor (DSP), based on 32-bit multithreaded CPU architecture developed by Qualcomm. Hexagon DSPs are included in Snapdragon SoC since 2006. They are also used in some femtocell processors of Qualcomm, including FSM9832.

Use to focus your question on the use of an Excel.Application object outside of Excel's own VBA. Constructing an independent instance of Excel can present unique problems and this tag can be used to identify them. Examples: PowerShell or VB Script referencing and manipulating an Excel workbook; MS Access building a workbook without leaving its own VBA environment, etc. Should be considered a sub-category and used for focusing a question.

Use to focus your question on the use of an Outlook.Application object outside of Outlook's own VBA. Examples: PowerShell or VB Script referencing and manipulating an Outlook mailbox; Excel or MS Access building an Outlook Mail Item without leaving their own VBA environment, etc. Should be considered a sub-category and used for focusing a question.

Apache Falcon - Feed management and data processing platform

Sangria - Scala GraphQL implementation

"RaptorDB - the Document Store" is a CodePlex-hosted (http://raptordb.codeplex.com/) CodeProject-documented (http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/375413/RaptorDB-the-Document-Store) open source "NoSql, JSON based, Document store database with compiled .net map functions and automatic hybrid bitmap indexing and LINQ query filters".

Manual Retain Release (as opposed to ARC) is the classic way to manage object lifetime in Objective-C.

The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows (released in July 2015).

Interfaces or classes having a type parameter which is a subtype of the interface itself, in any language; also known as the "curiously recurring template pattern". It helps defining chaining methods in a hierarchy of classes, or typed cloning methods.

Internet Information Services (IIS, formerly Internet Information Server) is an extensible web server created by Microsoft for use with Windows NT family.[2] IIS supports HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FTPS, SMTP and NNTP. It has been an integral part of the Windows NT family since Windows NT 4.0, though it may be absent from some editions (e.g. Windows XP Home edition), and is not active by default. Version 10

Apple's Xcode 7 beta 6 is a prerelease version of Xcode 7 released on August 24, 2015.

Bonding of two devices, eg two smartphones, or a computer and keyboard. Term is commonly heard in combination with Bluetooth. When pairing successfully completes, a bond forms between the two devices. This enables those two devices to connect to each other in the future without repeating the pairing process to confirm device identities. When desired, the user can remove the bonding relationship.

Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption Scheme, or ECIES, is a hybrid encryption system proposed by Victor Shoup in 2001

Crazyflie is an open source nano quadcopter from Bitcraze

PHP Standard Recommendation

PHP Framework Interoperability Group

A-MQ refers to JBoss A-MQ, the commercial messaging product based on ActiveMQ

A technology that enables a device to send push notifications to other devices within close proximity by using Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE).

NULL

Create, combine or edit PDF files on the fly with this 100% managed .NET component.

Redbird is a reverse proxy for Node.js with support for virtual hosts and multiple SSL certificates.

For questions relating to the SquiDB SQLite database layer for Android

NULL

Tourist.js is a simple library for creating guided tours through your app.

GeneticSharp is a fast, extensible, multi-platform and multithreading C# Genetic Algorithm library that simplifies the development of applications using Genetic Algorithms (GAs).&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Can be used in any kind of .NET apps, like ASP .NET MVC, Web Forms, Windows Forms, GTK# and Unity3D applications.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/giacomelli/GeneticSharp

The initials from addons.mozilla.org. Mozilla provides the http://addons.mozilla.org (AMO) web site which is a repository for add-ons for Mozilla software

Questions related to PipelineDB - The Streaming SQL Database, which is an open-source relational database that runs SQL queries continuously on streams, incrementally storing results in tables.

InterMine is an open source data warehouse built specifically for the integration and analysis of complex biological data. Developed by the Micklem lab at the University of Cambridge, InterMine enables the creation of biological databases accessed by sophisticated web query tools. Parsers are provided for integrating data from many common biological data sources and formats, and there is a framework for adding your own data.

The Scalactic library provides useful type-safe extensions to Scala both for production and test code.

RackUnit is a unit-testing framework for Racket.

Questions related to ARM functional simulation libraries branded Fast Model

Question related to Fixed Virtual Platform, ARM's virtual development platform

Global Mobile Map Viewing and Navigation for Online and Offline OSM Maps&#xD;&#xA;

Use for docker percheron related questions

For questions regarding

Covers both Nearby APIs from Google. Messages is a publish-subscribe API for co-present iOS and Android devices to discover and communicate with each other, as well as beacons. Connections is a low-latency networking API for Android, powering use-cases such as: local multiplayer, collaborative whiteboards, and multi-screen gaming.

Libconfig is a simple library for processing structured configuration files. This file format is more compact and more readable than XML. And unlike XML, it is type-aware, so it is not necessary to do string parsing in application code.&#xD;&#xA;The library includes bindings for both the C and C++ languages. It works on POSIX-compliant UNIX and UNIX-like systems (GNU/Linux, Mac OS X, Solaris, FreeBSD), Android, and Windows (2000, XP and later).

Solidity is a high-level language whose syntax is similar to that of JavaScript and it is designed to compile to code for the Ethereum Virtual Machine.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A contract in the sense of Solidity is a collection of code (its functions) and data (its state) that resides at a specific address on the Ethereum blockchain.

Extglob (extended pattern matching) is a form of wildcards supported by bash. Whith extglob a pattern can be almost as powerful as a regular expression.

Applebot is the web crawler for Apple, used by products including Siri and Spotlight Suggestions. It respects customary robots.txt rules and robots meta tags. It originates in the 17.0.0.0 net block.

All technologies and topics related to iOS Search API, that is: NSUserActivity, CoreSpotlight, Web Markup

The jose4j library is an open source (Apache 2.0) implementation of JWT and the JOSE specification suite. It is written in Java and relies solely on the JCA APIs for cryptography.

Sails Permissions is an addon for the Sails.js Framework (sailsjs.org). It is a comprehensive user permissions and entitlements system for sails.js and Waterline. Supports user authentication with passport.js, role-based permissioning, object ownership, and row-level security.

broom is an R package for converting statistical analysis objects into "tidy" data frames

ePerl interprets an ASCII file bristled with Perl 5 program statements by evaluating the Perl 5 code while passing through the plain ASCII data.

Islandora is an open-source software framework designed to help institutions and organizations and their audiences collaboratively manage, and discover digital assets using a best-practices framework.

Use this tag for questions relating to the Yargs node.js library.

Questions about OsmAndMapCreator, a library to work with OsmAnd from Java.

EASendMail is a component for sending emails.

udisks is a daemon that implements well-defined D-Bus interfaces that can be used to query and manipulate storage devices.

Mongoose driver for TingoDB embedded database&#xD;&#xA;

This project aims to provide the facility to easily implement JSON-RPC for the java programming language. jsonrpc4j uses the Jackson library to convert java objects to and from json objects (and other things related to JSON-RPC).

Magento is an open-source content management system for e-commerce web sites. The software was originally developed by Varien Inc., a US private company headquartered in Culver City, California, with assistance from volunteers.

Uncomplicated Firewall (ufw) is a firewall that is designed to be easy to use. It uses a command line interface consisting of a small number of simple commands, and uses iptables for configuration.

GNU Emacs Simple Minded Indentation Engine

NULL

turtle is a reimplementation of the Unix command line environment in Haskell so that you can use Haskell as both a shell and a scripting language.

Spak ML is a high-level API for building machine learning pipelines in Apache Spark

MLlib is a machine learning library for Apache Spark

VIPER is an application of Clean Architecture to iOS apps.

The cowplot package is a simple add-on to ggplot2. It is meant to provide a publication-ready theme for ggplot2, one that requires a minimum amount of fiddling with sizes of axis labels, plot backgrounds, etc.

Archer refers to the (RSA) Archer GRC Platform.

Wifi Protected Setup (WPS) is a way of adding devices to a home network.

Java EE 8 MVC (RI codename is "Ozark")

Lab is a simple test utility for node.

The Bot API is an HTTP-based interface created for developers keen on building bots for Telegram which is an instant-messaging app with documented API. Use this tag if you're writing a telegram bot and have a specific question regarding the Bot API.

Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.5. For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag [apache-spark].

Usage questions for the gradle-git plugins.

A Python library for English grammar.

Kura is an OSGi-based container for M2M applications running in service gateways. Kura complements the Java 6 SE and OSGi platforms with API and services covering the most common requirements of M2M applications. These extensions include but they are not limited to: I/O access, data services, watchdog, network configuration and remote management.

Annotation-based conditional validation library.

Each Android version is assigned a unique integer identifier, called the API Level.

Tasktop products, such as dev eclipse plugin etc.

SIP is an application-layer control protocol that can establish, modify, and terminate multimedia sessions (conferences) such as Internet telephony calls. SIP can also invite participants to already existing sessions, such as multicast conferences.

api-problem is a standard for returning error response in JSON format

NULL

Questions regarding Koloboke collections Java library.

The service providers are constructor functions. When instantiated they must contain a property called $get, which holds the service factory function.

Delphi 10 Seattle is a specific version of Delphi released in August 2015&#xD;&#xA;

A simple, reactive schema validation package for Meteor. It's used by the Collection2 and AutoForm packages, but you can use it by itself, too.

version 5.1.2 of Sonarqube

This is the foundation version for App, build on Angular Js&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

A vector graphics editor and diagramming tool similar to Microsoft Visio and comparable in features to early versions of CorelDRAW. It provides connectors between shapes, which are available in a range of line styles and facilitate building drawings such as flowcharts. It also includes features similar to desktop publishing software such as Scribus and Microsoft Publisher.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LibreOffice

For question regarding the privacy rules and policies of used applications, frameworks, APIs, and services.

Elastic's Elasticsearch product that reached version 2

`libvips` is a fast image processing library with low memory needs. `vips` is the command-line tool for that library.

Should be used for questions relating to issues around downloading and or editing photos from the iCloud Photo Library using PhotoKit on iOS

WordPress is an open source content management system running on PHP and MySQL, and often used as a blog engine. Version 4.3

Sqlite4java is a minimalistic, open-source Java wrapper for SQLite

A suite of tools used to create and deploy systems on many hosted cloud providers

A double redirect is a redirect that points to another redirect.

StyleFrame is a Python library that wraps pandas and openpyxl and makes outputting styled dataframes to Excel easy.

Web hosting dashboard, module of Webmin. If your question is not specific to Virtualmin, use [webmin] instead.

Modifiable and customizable drawable android graphic resources.

Question related to ARM Compiler 6, which is based on LLVM.

xgboost is a library for constructing boosted trees in R, Python and Java

The Oracle Database (commonly referred to as Oracle RDBMS or simply as Oracle) is an object-relational database. Version 7 was released in 1992 and left extended support as of December 31, 2003.

Ad Delivery is the technical mechanism by which banners are inserted onto a page.

Embarcadero C++Builder 10.0 Seattle is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.

PyBluez is a Python extension module allowing access to system Bluetooth resources on Windows, Linux, and OS X(unstable).

To be used for questions related to programming for this version of iOS.

MR.Gestures handles all the touch gestures in your Xamarin.Forms mobile apps

Stream Management (XEP-0198) allows XMP entities to actively manage a stream, including stanza acknowledgements and stream resumption.

Search snippets are highlighted parts of documents returned by search engine

Simple 5 minute command-line file / directory server built with connect, inspired by nodejitsu's http-server to show off the simplicity and flexibility of connect as a modular server.

AWS CodePipeline is a continuous delivery service for fast and reliable application updates. CodePipeline builds, tests, and deploys your code every time there is a code change, based on the release process models you define.

Varying Vagrant Vagrants is an open source (MIT licensed) Vagrant configuration focused on WordPress development.

RAML java parser compatible with version 0.8 of the RAML specification. The parser depends on SnakeYaml, a Java YAML parser.

ESP8266 is a highly integrated chip designed for the needs of an increasingly connected world. It offers a complete and self-contained Wi-Fi networking solution, allowing it to either host applications or offload all Wi-Fi networking functions from another application processor. The most important aspect is the price of the chip.

Use this tag for questions about data exported from an Oracle database.

Automated test case framework that compares a UIView or CALayer to a screenshot, and fails the test if the two images don't match. Used on iOS.

Mindjet.com mind mapping products.

Use this tag on questions that concern OPC UA, in contrast to legacy OLE-based OPC.

bsearch is a function that performs a binary search. This function may exist in various programming languages, such as C. Use this tag ONLY for existing library functions named "bsearch". Use the [binary-search] tag instead for questions about binary search or self-written implementations.

MBrace is a simple programming model for scalable cloud data scripting and programming with F# and C#. With MBrace.Azure, you can script Azure for large-scale compute and data processing, directly from Visual Studio. &#xD;&#xA;

As defined in the Fetch Standard https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/ the Fetch API is an improved replacement for XMLHttpRequest, for better managing aspects such as redirects and interaction with CORS and other Web-platform features, like Service Workers. The core of the Fetch API is a JavaScript method simply called `fetch()`, for making the actual (asynchronous) HTTP requests, and for handling the responses from those requests.

Use this tag for questions related to the AngleSharp .NET library for HTML/SVG/MathML parsing.

The Google Maps Roads API identifies the roads a vehicle was traveling along and provides additional metadata about those roads, such as speed limits.&#xD;&#xA;

The Google Maps Elevation API provides a simple interface to query locations on the earth for elevation data. Additionally, it may request sampled elevation data along paths, allowing you to calculate elevation changes along routes.

AirConsole development specific questions such as the AirConsole API or the AirConsole plugins.

Grunt plugin for Babel

Jinq is a Java library that executes Java 8 code "symbolically" in order to translate such code into semantically equivalent JPQL or SQL.

NULL

ChibiOS is a real-time operating system intended for use on embedded platforms like microcontrollers.&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag if your question relates to ChibiOS/HAL, ChibiOS/RT or ChibiOS/NIL.

An ActionScript 3 library to enable user movement & resizing of components. http://www.objecthandles.com/

Moodle has a number of core APIs that provide tools for Moodle scripts.API's are already having functionality that can be reuse,and allow you to interact with Moodle system.&#xD;&#xA;They are essential when writing Moodle plugin, or Moodle customization.&#xD;&#xA;

For questions relating to the GeoExt 3 Javascript library.

CUITe (Coded UI Test enhanced) Framework is a thin layer developed on top of Microsoft Visual Studio Team Test's Coded UI Test engine which helps reduce code, increases readability and maintainability, while also providing features for the automation engineer.

The document.evaluate() method enables XPath queries to be performed in JavaScript in Web applications and documents. It returns an XPathResult object, with methods that enable iterating through the set of nodes that match the document.evaluate() XPath query.

App Transport Security is a feature that improves the security of connections between an app and web services. The feature consists of default connection requirements that conform to best practices for secure connections. Transport security is available on iOS 9.0 or later, and on OS X 10.11 [tag:osx-elcapitan] and later.

Action Cable is an open source technology shipped to us with Ruby On Rails 5. It uses websockets instead of traditional HTTP protocol and allows 2-way asynchronious data transfer. The best field of application for ActionCable is chat, single page applications and so on.

Teamwork Projects is a web-based project-management tool developed by Teamwork. Please use the [teamwork] tag if your question is about the combined action of a group.

This is the script written in mdx used by analysis services when processing the `olap` cube.

For questions related to the GNU gcc compiler or suite, 5.2.x versions.

Heyzap runs multiple premium networks under one integration so you can dynamically test ad networks against each other and visualize their combined performance.&#xD;&#xA;

Relay is a JavaScript framework for building data-driven React applications

Use this tag when developing apps that use the 3D Touch sensitivity feature on newer Apple Devices (iPhone 6s / 6s Plus and newer).

tvOS is an operating system developed by Apple for the Apple TV based on its successful iOS operating system. The first beta was released on September 9th, 2015.

JBatch is an IBM led JSR that's slated to be included into the Java EE 7 platform,

JBeret provides an open-source Java batch processing framework based on JSR 352 (Batch Applications for the Java Platform).

NULL

iOS 9.1 was an update to iOS 9.0, the most recent version of iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices. This tag is specifically for questions targeting iOS 9.1. Use iOS for a more generic setting.

Synopse mORMot is an Open Source Client-Server ORM SOA MVC framework&#xD;&#xA;for Delphi 6 up to Delphi 10 Seattle and FPC, targeting Windows/Linux&#xD;&#xA;for servers, and any platform for clients (including mobile or AJAX).

Solace Systems message oriented middleware offers pub/sub and point to point message routing with persistent and non-persistent qualities of service. Solace supports open APIs and protocols including JMS, MQTT, OpenMAMA and REST, and offers native APIs and extensions in languages including C, C# .NET, Java, JavaScript, Node.js and more for popular Linux, Windows and Mac/IOS platforms.

A cross-platform clipboard module for Python.

This tag is for questions about Pivotal HAWQ, a SQL on Hadoop implementation

The Misfit Cloud API is a set of developer tools that provide an open platform for connecting various applications in a fluid and user-friendly manner.

L.B.Stanza is a new programming language designed to significantly increase the productivity of application programmers. Its primary goal is to help programmers tackle the complexity of architecting large programs.&#xD;&#xA;

pthreads is an Object Orientated API that allows user-land multi-threading in PHP. It includes all the tools you need to create multi-threaded applications targeted at the Web or the Console. PHP applications can create, read, write, execute and synchronize with Threads, Workers and Threaded objects.

Windows App Studio–Free Tool to create apps in Windows Stores.&#xD;&#xA;

Joomla JTable is an abstract base class from which to derive database table classes.

A wide column store is a type of key-value database. It uses tables, rows, and columns, but unlike a relational database, the names and format of the columns can vary from row to row in the same table.

JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for Flask applications. MIT-licensed.

Framework7 is Full Featured HTML Framework For Building iOS & Android Apps

The Android Navigation Drawer is a panel that transitions in/out from the edge of the screen and displays the app’s main navigation options.

CSVToTable is a jQuery plugin that reads a CSV file and converts it to an HTML table.

v7 Preference Support Library: Is one of the packages that added by google in order to provide better backwards compatibility for developers. This package introduced on August 2015.

Elixir’s interactive shell.

An objective function is either a loss function or its negative (sometimes called a reward function, a profit function, a utility function, a fitness function, etc.), in which case it is to be maximized.&#xD;&#xA;

The MaterialDrawer is a flexible, easy to use, all in one drawer library for your Android project.

The Excel-2016 tag is used for referencing the spreadsheet component of the Microsoft Office 2016 suite released 22 Sep 2015. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The version independent Tag is "excel". If it is about an Excel formula or worksheet function, then tag it worksheet-function.

SparkPost is a cloud-based email delivery service. SparkPost provides a RESTful API along with SMTP integration. It features real-time analytics, performance, and scalability. Please do not post your API Key in your questions :)

PayPal Mobile Payment Libraries.

TVML (Television program Making Language) is a text-based language that can describe all the necessary elements for a TV program production.

Facebook software development kit

Classmexer is a Java instrumentation agent for

SharedPreferences allows you to save and retrieve persistent key-value pairs of primitive data types in Android applications. It can be used either inside a single app or shared between multiple apps.

Subclass of RelativeLayout that supports percentage based dimensions and margins. You can specify dimension or a margin of child by using attributes with "Percent" suffix.

Parameter expansion replaces variables with their values as an evaluation phase of a command in most Bourne-derived shells.

This tag is for specific questions about APIs exposed by Jet.com e-commerce platform (https://developer.jet.com/)

Moshi is a JSON library for Android and Java. It makes it easy to parse JSON into Java objects:

Enables rapid deployment and integration of applications with IBM Bluemix or the Cloud Foundry Clouds, including support for JavaScript and EAR publishing.

Tag for questions related to Android's onDestroy() method of Activities and Services.

Sharp.Xmpp is a multiplatform .NET assembly for communicating with an XMPP server. It is a fork of the currently frozen excellent S22.Xmpp project.

BroadcastReceiver is an Android component that responds to system-wide broadcast announcements.

The shuttle tag collectively refers to all shuttle components such as the shuttle-esb project that is a lightweight and highly extensible and pluggable enterprise service bus built using C#.

NULL

Questions about how to use Visual Studio Code, a code editor developed by Microsoft

Related to the creation of code snippets in Sublime Text editor

NULL

Intercom's iOS SDK.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Intercom is a paid for service that provides tools around chat, customer chat, customer engagement, and customer acquisition.&#xD;&#xA;

PHP5.3+ Routing Class. Lightweight yet extremely flexible. Supports REST, dynamic and reversed routing.

JBake is a Java based, open source, static site/blog generator that uses template engines to provide scripting support. Use this tag when posting questions about the supported template engines: Freemarker, Groovy and Thymeleaf.

noVNC is a HTML5 VNC client

XrmToolBox is a Windows application that connects to Microsoft Dynamics CRM, providing tools to ease customization and configuration tasks.

Defines column-specific properties that apply to Grid elements.

Eclipse Lyo is an SDK to help the Eclipse community adopt OSLC (Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration) specifications and build OSLC-compliant tools.&#xD;&#xA;

Native Abstractions for Node.js&#xD;&#xA;A header file filled with macro and utility goodness for making add-on development for Node.js easier across versions 0.8, 0.10 and 0.12 as well as io.js.

An HTML-based templating engine that compiles templates to Node.js-compatible JavaScript modules and supports streaming, async rendering and custom tags.

An HTML-based templating engine that compiles templates to Node.js-compatible JavaScript modules and supports streaming, async rendering and custom tags.

pager.js is a JavaScript library based on KnockoutJS and jQuery that provides the possibility of creating single page applications in a declarative fashion - nesting subpages inside subpages where each subpage can be developed standalone but still communicate between each other.&#xD;&#xA;

eWON is a brand of industrial VPN routers that allow easy remote access to remote industrial assets such as PLCs, HMIs, sensors, SCADA systems and more.

The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences (OEIS) is an online database of integer sequences.

The classic toolkit provides traditional Sencha Ext JS application support. This includes support &#xD;&#xA;for most desktop browsers, tablets, and touchscreen enabled laptops.

The modern toolkit provides universal HTML5 application support for all modern browsers &#xD;&#xA;(IE10+) from desktop to phone. The modern toolkit is ideal for developers seeking a cross-browser,&#xD;&#xA;cross-device experience for their users.

Experience editor is the name for the WYSIWYG editor for version 8 of the Sitecore content management system.

Rust compiler plugins are user-provided libraries that extend the compiler's behavior with new syntax extensions, compile time and lint checks, etc. Questions pertaining to creating and designing Rust compiler plugins go here.

iRedMail is a free, open source mail server solution for Linux/BSD, provides services POP3/IMAP/SMTP, anti-spam, anti-virus, etc.

A flonum is an inexact real number that is implemented as a floating-point number. In MIT/GNU Scheme, all inexact real numbers are flonums.

Last observation carried forward (LOCF), This method is specific to longitudinal data problems.

Autodesk Inventor is a mechanical CAD software developed by Autodesk

Autodesk Vault is a data management software developed by Autodesk

We use the term "extension" to refer to Yii2-specific software packages. For general purpose software packages that can be used without Yii, we will refer to them using the term "package" or "library".

Indexeddbshim is a javascript library that provides IndexedDB support to any web browser that supports WebSql but does not natively support IndexedDB. Used in mobile development when targeting both Android and IOS.&#xD;&#xA;

Real User Monitoring (RUM) and JavaScript Error Tracking for Modern Web. &#xD;&#xA;In-depth performance and error analysis.

Automatic License Plate Recognition library

Sulu is a content management platform based on Symfony made for businesses.

 Generate Receipt Validation Code for OS X and iOS&#xD;&#xA;

Mosby is a Model-View-Presenter (MVP) library for android apps.

Questions about the 3.1.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework. If your question applies to CakePHP in general, use the tag [cakephp].

The Aries project consists of a set of pluggable Java components enabling an enterprise OSGi application programming model.

Used for questions about the Rivr open-source Java library for development of VoiceXML applications.

FSelector is an R package that finds the most informative attributes in a data set with respect to a classification target.

The API behind music marketplace Discogs. https://www.discogs.com/developers/

Tactics are programs written in Ltac, the untyped language used in the `Coq` proof assistant to transform goals and terms.

LibraryThing is a cataloging and social networking site for book lovers.

 authopen provides authorization-based file opening services.

NULL

Mifos X is an extended platform for delivering the complete range of financial services needed for an effective financial inclusion solution.&#xD;&#xA;

The Springfox suite of java libraries are all about automating the generation of machine and human readable specifications for JSON APIs written using the spring family of projects.

For JavaScript language features specific to ECMAScript 2015, formerly known as ECMAScript 6th edition. See the `ecmascript-6` tag, which this will likely become a synonym of (or vice-versa).

The OPC Data Access Specification is the first of a group of specifications known as the Classic OPC Specifications.

C/C++ library that encode video streams into H.265/HEVC format

A CIDetector object uses image processing to search for and identify notable features (faces, rectangles, and barcodes) in a still image or video. Detected features are represented by CIFeature objects that provide more information about each feature. This is available in iOS 5.0 and later &#xD;&#xA;

Microsoft Office 2016 (Office 16) is a version of the Microsoft Office productivity suite, succeeding both Office 2013 and Office for Mac 2011. It was released on OS X on 9 July 2015 for Office 365 subscribers.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The perpetually licensed version on OS X and Windows was released on 22 September 2015

NULL

One of the features of Android Design Support Library which is bringing a number of important material design components to all developers and to all Android 2.1 or higher devices. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Navigation Drawer enables your app having easy UX to navigate, particularly for first time users.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;NavigationView provides the framework for developers easier to establish Navigation Drawer UI.

N|Solid is a fully compatible Node.js platform enhanced to address the needs of the Enterprise

UML editor integrated with ERD, DFD, CRUD and mind mapping features.

pdoc - A simple command line tool and library to auto generate API documentation for Python libraries.

A string_view is a C++ class template that is a non-owning reference to a string.

A tweening library for Unity-3D.

jaws has been renamed Serverless Framework. Please refer to Serverless Framework from now on.

Use this tag to describe questions about the Kendo-UI View class, which is part of Kendo-UI's single-page-application framework and works hand-in-hand with the Router and Layout classes.

SDKMAN! is a tool for managing parallel versions of multiple Software Development Kits on most Unix based systems. It provides a convenient Command Line Interface (CLI) and API for installing, switching, removing and listing Candidates. Formerly known as GVM the Groovy enVironment Manager.

AVR32 family of proprietary microcontrollers. Not to confuse with the 8 bit AVR/ATmega families or the ARM-based products.

Used when using spark-hive module or HiveContext

A JavaScript code coverage tool for Grunt

aurelia-auth is a token-based authentication plugin for Aurelia

JitPack.io is an easy to use package repository for GitHub. It builds GitHub projects on demand and publishes ready-to-use packages.

No-IP's core product is dynamic DNS services ("DDNS"). A dynamic DNS host name is linked up to the user's dynamic IP address. Whenever the IP changes a dynamic DNS client will send an update to No-IP with the current IP address and then No-IP propagates the DNS change to the Internet.

Slate is a Python package that can extract text from a PDF file.

Lean & mean status/tabline for vim that's light as air.

distributed and scalable Java data structures (Set, ScoredSortedSet, SortedSet, Map, ConcurrentMap, List, Queue, BlockingQueue, Deque, Lock, AtomicLong, CountDownLatch, Publish / Subscribe, HyperLogLog, Redis pipelining) on top of Redis server.

Nimble is a "Matcher Framework" for Swift and Objective-C, maintained by the team behind the Quick testing framework.

Defold is a multi-platform and light-weight game engine created by King. It’s designed for fast, efficient and collaborative game creation for independent developers and teams.

Questions regarding custom formulas in Crystal Reports.

Google Cloud Dataproc is a managed Hadoop MapReduce, Spark, Pig and Hive service on Google Cloud Platform. The service provides GUI, CLI and HTTP API access modes for deploying/managing clusters and submitting jobs onto clusters.

Questions related to iOS 9+ Universal linking

IBM Application Server on Cloud is a service that facilitates quick setup on a pre-configured WebSphere Application Server Liberty Web Profile Server or a Traditional Full Profile in a hosted cloud environment on Bluemix.

The Gini coefficient (also known as the Gini index or Gini ratio) (/dʒini/ jee-nee) is a measure of statistical dispersion intended to represent the income distribution of a nation's residents, and is the most commonly used measure of inequality.

An Intent to choose from different app options to resolve your request.

CallFire Inc. is a cloud telephony services provider, providing business-oriented voice and SMS enablement

Totara LMS is an open source distribution of Moodle developed for the corporate and government market.

MADlib is an open-source library for scalable in-database analytics. It provides data-parallel implementations of mathematical, statistical and machine learning methods for structured and unstructured data.

Papertrail provides frustration-free log management as a cloud-hosted service.

A library of modular chart components, built on D3.&#xD;&#xA;

Questions regarding HyperSQL Database, a relational database written in Java.&#xD;&#xA;

Pywikibot is a bot written in Python to access the MediaWiki API.

The Tools for Apache Cordova (TACO) provides additional functionality on top of Apache Cordova. It contains utilities for easy access to validated Cordova platforms and plugins, helps you to install platform specific build dependencies and provides guided help for building and running your hybrid Cordova applications. You can find more information at http://taco.tools.

A suffix is a group of letters, usually of a regular form, that has a meaning within it's short form, that when applied to a word changes the meaning and/or intent of that word.&#xD;&#xA;

Questions regarding SKUs, an identification system usually used to track inventory.

Google App Engine Flexible Environments let you run Google App Engine applications on configurable Google Compute Engine VMs. The VM hosting environment offers more flexibility and provides more CPU and memory options.

WordPressSharp is a C# client to interact with the WordPress XML-RPC API

a financial charge or other levy imposed upon a taxpayer (an individual or legal entity) by a state or the functional equivalent of a state to fund various public expenditures.

PSPad is a freeware programmer's editor for Microsoft Windows operating systems.

viewDidDisappear is responding method of view events in UIViewController.

Android App restrictions allow the enterprise administrator to remotely specify settings for apps.

Questions about the testing library Hypothesis: http://hypothesis.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

jsondoc is a java library to generate a documentation for annotated REST-Services.

PSfrag is a LaTeX package that allows one to overlay Encapsulated PostScript ( .EPS) figures, with arbitrary LaTeX constructions, properly aligned, scaled, and rotated.

scikit-image is a collection of algorithms for image processing. It is available free of charge and free of restriction.

The JavaScript Object Model (JSOM) is a SharePoint Client Object Model that enables you to work with objects on the client side without having to deploy code on the server.

Fast, memory-efficient Python interface for SQL databases, NoSQL stores, Amazon S3, and large data files.&#xD;&#xA;

Questions about Bagel, a Spark implementation of Google’s Pregel graphing framework.

The process which becomes the parent of a child process when the child's parent ends.

igCombo is a feature rich jQuery/HTML5 combo box component provided by Infragistics in their Ignite UI toolbox.

OfficeJS is the new JavaScript extensibility model for Microsoft Office client applications. You can extend Office applications that run on Windows, web, iOS, and the Mac. This model is applicable to Office client applications starting with Office 2013. Please read the tag info (README) for guidance on how to increase the chance that you'll get a high quality answer to your questions.

Spark is an experimental project primarily intended for building business oriented SaaS applications, and is highly opinionated towards that use case.

Drat stands for "Drat R Archive Template". It can be used to host private CRAN-like repositories (CRAN = Comprehensive R Archive Network).

DragonFly BSD belongs to the same class of operating systems as other BSD-derived systems and Linux. It is based on the same UNIX ideals and APIs and shares ancestor code with other BSD operating systems. DragonFly provides an opportunity for the BSD base to grow in an entirely different direction from the one taken in the FreeBSD, NetBSD and OpenBSD series.

Web Application Open Platform Interface Protocol

NULL

Audio panning is used in an audio mixer to reduce or reverse the stereo width of a stereo signal. For instance, the left and right channels of a stereo source can be panned 'straight up', that is sent equally to both the left output and the right output of the mixer, creating a dual mono signal. Please post your questions on http://superuser.com or http://sound.stackexchange.com for non-programmatic use.

Anchor CMS is a lightweight blog system

Safe OpenGL wrapper for the Rust language

A demosaicing (also de-mosaicing, demosaicking or debayering) algorithm is a digital image process used to reconstruct a full color image from the incomplete color samples output from an image sensor overlaid with a color filter array (CFA). It is also known as CFA interpolation or color reconstruction.

The Apps Script Execution API is a REST interface that lets a third-party application call a function defined in an Apps Script project and receive a response. This API lets you expose the full utility of Apps Script to any application, including Android and iOS apps.

Python descriptors are a way to create managed attributes. Among their many advantages, managed attributes are used to protect an attribute from changes or to automatically update the values of a dependant attribute.

Responsive navigation plugin without library dependencies and with fast touch screen support.&#xD;&#xA;http://responsive-nav.com/

FreeIPA is an integrated Identity and Authentication solution for Linux/UNIX networked environments. A FreeIPA server provides centralized authentication, authorization and account information by storing data about user, groups, hosts and other objects necessary to manage the security aspects of a network of computers.

nxweb – fast and lightweight web (http) server for applications written in C and Python.

Subscripts in Swift are shortcuts for accessing the member elements of a collection, list, or sequence. They are being used to set and retrieve values by index without needing separate methods for setting and retrieval.

NULL

Telepat is an open-source backend stack, designed to deliver information and information updates in real-time to clients, while allowing for flexible deployment and simple scaling.

The Intel 8088 processor is an 16-bit microprocessor. Use this tag for questions specific to this CPU, keeping in mind that the vast majority of questions should also be applicable to the 8086 as well.

Google's cloud computing platform for geospatial data & analysis at earthengine.google.org.

NULL

A database sequence is a number generator that produces unique numbers in a scalable and concurrency safe way. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

JCO is the short-cut for Java connector. JCO refers to a Java library used to connect to SAP systems through the SAP RFC protocol.

NULL

Ontotext GraphDB is a semantic triplestore: a database for RDF and OWL data. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag for questions specifically about the Ontotext GraphDB product. For questions that are about graph databases in general (or about other graph database products), use [tag:graph-databases] instead.

a gulp plugin that helps to run AngularJS end-to-end tests using Protractor framework

C++ framework for FIX protocol applications

{x:Bind} is a markup extension used in XAML and was released with Windows Universal Apps. The {x:Bind} binding is fundermentally different to the {Binding} binding as it is done at XAML load time and thus provides performance and diagnostic improvements over {Binding} which is done at runtime using reflection.

Barrage script is used in MIOsoft's Barrage service, and is designed to make it possible to concisely define and detect complex patterns in streaming and sensor data.

NULL

JsonObjectRequest—A request for retrieving a JSONObject response body at a given URL, allowing for an optional JSONObject to be passed in as part of the request body.

The Crosswalk Project is an HTML application runtime, built on open source foundations, which extends the web platform with new capabilities.

The Sitecore xDb is Sitecore's implementation of MongoDb. xDb stands for eXperience DataBase. Use this tag for questions relating to issues and usage of eXperience DataBase in Sitecore

NULL

Spring REST Docs takes a test-driven approach to documenting RESTful APIs. It uses Spring MVC Test to generate accurate, tested documentation snippets that can then be included in documentation written in Asciidoctor. Use this tag for questions about Spring REST Docs and its interaction with Spring MVC Test and Asciidoctor.

Apache's directory module

CNContact is a thread-safe class for Apple architectures (MacOS, iOS, watchOS, etc.) that represent an immutable value object for contact properties, such as the first name and phone numbers of a contact.

ng-include is a directive for AngularJS and is included in the ng module. It fetches, compiles and includes an external HTML fragment.

NULL

Laravel 5.2 is a past version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on December 21, 2015. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.2.

GUN is a real-time, distributed, offline-first, graph database engine.

Cinnameg is a programming language that allows you to mix declarative (functional and logic) and imperative (including object-oriented) programming seamlessly.

IBM Web Content Manager is designed to accelerate digital content development and deployment through all your digital channels. This web experience management software enables users to create, manage and publish content while IT retains control.

Safari version 9.0 released at 30 September 2015, use this tag in addition of safari tag when you want to ask specific question related with this version.

Learning Record Store

YAD (Yet Another Dialog) is a program which allows you to display GTK+ dialog boxes from the command-line or shell scripts. YAD depends on GTK+ only. It is a fork of Zenity with many improvements, such as custom buttons, additional dialogs, HTML support, pop-up menu in notification icon and more.

Riotjs is a javascript library. It lets you build user interfaces with custom tags using simple and enjoyable syntax. It uses a virtual DOM similar to React but faster.

Questions on communicating with / controlling DJI drones

Zeal is an offline documentation browser inspired by Dash, available for Linux and Windows.

Amazon EC2 Security Groups

The new experimental gradle plugin for Android

Google App Engine Python Runtime Environment.

NULL

PowerShell cmdlet that selects objects or object properties.

Xcodeproj is a Ruby gem from the makers of CocoaPods that allows scripted access to Xcode's project file.

MicroPython is a Python interpreter (with partial native code compilation feature). It provides a subset of Python 3.5 features, implemented for embedded processors and constrained systems.

NULL

Questions pertaining to integrating sales data from third party software distribution channels such as Apple App Store (iTunes), Google Play (Market/Wallet/Checkout), and Microsoft Windows Store

Immutable ndarray of datetime64 data, represented internally as int64

The DataWeave Language is a powerful template engine that allows you to transform data to and from any kind of format (XML, CSV, JSON, Pojos, Maps, etc).

For the android sticky `SYSTEM_UI_FLAG_IMMERSIVE_STICKY` and non-sticky

Apache cTAKES is a natural language processing system for extraction of information from electronic medical record clinical free-text.

GPT is an ad tagging library with which you can dynamically build ad requests.

bootstrap-notify is a simple plugin that turns standard Bootstrap alerts into "Growl-like" notifications.

In JSF (JavaServer Faces), the tags have an attribute called immediate. It is used to prioritize input and command components during conversion/validation and invoke phases.

The action bar allows you to add buttons for the most important action items relating to the app's current context.

Polly is a .NET 3.5 / 4.0 / 4.5 / PCL (Profile 259) library that allows developers to express transient exception handling policies such as Retry, Retry Forever, Wait and Retry or Circuit Breaker in a fluent manner.

Windows 7/Vista/XP/2003/2010 compatible dummy SMTP server.

Silhouette is an authentication library for Play Framework applications that supports several authentication methods, including OAuth1, OAuth2, OpenID, Credentials, Basic Authentication, Two Factor Authentication or custom authentication schemes.

Vert.x is a polyglot event-driven application framework for building reactive applications which run on the Java Virtual Machine.

A jQuery plugin used for converting currencies based on the Yahoo Currency API

Issues and questions pertaining to the DeepSQL plugin from Deep Information Sciences

SeqAn is a C++ template library for the analysis of biological sequences.

The Kendo TreeList is a Javascript-based control that displays hierarchical data in a traditional tree structure. It supports user interaction through the mouse or touch to perform re-ordering operations via drag-and-drop. Kendo TreeList is a powerful widget with many configuration options. It also support export to Excel and export to PDF on client side.

Caramel is a set of modern syntax sugars for the Lambda Calculus.

For questions related with TextWatcher callback interface

A comprehensive and consistent programming model for building applications that require seamless and secure communication over HTTP.

Questions about periodicity, an interval of time. It can represent a clock or an interval between days, minutes or any other unit of time.

Use for questions about multi-factor authentication (MFA). MFA is a way to secure access to a resource by requiring a user to provide multiple pieces of evidence of identity. These pieces of evidence are called factors. Typically, a user will be required to provide a least two factors of the following types: knowledge (something the user knows); possession (something the user has), and inherence (something the user is).

ShinyBS is Twitter Bootstrap Components for Shiny.

Pecan, a lean Python web framework inspired by CherryPy, TurboGears, and Pylons.

An advanced numpy.memmap() utility to avoid RAM-size limit and reduce final RAM-footprint ( at a reasonable cost of O/S-cached fileIO mediated via a small-size in-RAM proxy-view window into whole array-data )&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Creates and handles a memory-map to an array stored in a binary file on disk.

Apache Cordova is an open-source mobile development framework. It allows you to use standard web technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript for cross-platform development, avoiding each mobile platforms' native development language.

ejabberd-saas is for XMPP or ejabberd-related development question that are specific to ejabberd SaaS platform.

A point-to-point (PTP) product or application is built on the concept of message queues, senders, and receivers. Each message is addressed to a specific queue, and receiving clients extract messages from the queues established to hold their messages. Queues retain all messages sent to them until the messages are consumed or expire.

PostCSS is a tool for transforming styles with JS plugins. These plugins can support variables and mixins, transpile future CSS syntax, inline images, and more.

SyncSORT's DMX-with-Hadoop product.

AMP HTML (Accelerated Mobile Pages HTML) is a project lead by Google to make the mobile web faster. It is a set of HTML tags, a JavaScript library, and a cache for AMP-compliant pages.

&gt;&lt;&gt; (pronounced “fish”) is an esoteric programming language with code organized in a two-dimensional pattern and data stored in stacks.

Monary provides a Python interface for fast column queries from MongoDB. It is much faster than PyMongo for large bulk reads from the database into NumPy‘s ndarrays.

Amazon Kinesis Firehose is a fully managed service for delivering real-time streaming data to destinations

Unity Ads is a games-only video ad network for iOS and Android that can be used to monetize an existing player base and gain new players through ad campaigns.

In statistics, the Kolmogorov–Smirnov test (K–S test or KS test) is a nonparametric test of the equality of continuous, one-dimensional probability distributions that can be used to compare a sample with a reference probability distribution (one-sample K–S test), or to compare two samples (two-sample K–S test)

The sql-maven-plugin is used to execute SQL statements during a Maven build. Use this tag for questions specific about the usage of this plugin.

Appium Python Client&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;An extension library for adding Selenium 3.0 draft and Mobile JSON Wire Protocol Specification draft functionality to the Python language bindings, for use with the mobile testing framework Appium.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/appium/python-client

Ruby characters (ルビ Rubi?) are small, annotative glosses that can be placed above or to the right of a Chinese character when writing languages with logographic characters such as Chinese or Japanese to show the pronunciation. Browsers and libraries often have problems displaying Ruby characters, requiring custom handling or markup

WePay provides APIs to process payments, and more. Developer resources to use WePay APIs are available at https://www.wepay.com/developer/. Ask questions if you are a software developer only. If you are a WePay user, contact WePay using their site.

A .so file is a shared object (library) in C++.

C++ framework for building lightweight HTTP interfaces

Federated Experience Manager (FXM) allows you to add personalization and tracking to non-Sitecore websites and applications.

pyautogui is a cross-platform GUI automation Python module for human beings used to programmatically control the mouse and

Reagent provides a minimalistic interface between ClojureScript and React. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Reagent-forms extends reagent with functionalities and shortcuts to create forms based in Reagent, without reinventing the wheel.

The WatchConnectivity framework provides a two-way channel for an iOS app to talk to its counterpart WatchKit app and vice-versa. Use this tag when asking for help with Apple's WatchConnectivity Framework.

The WCSession class facilitates communication between a WatchKit extension and its companion iOS app. Please only use this tag for questions directly directed at the WCSession class and the WCSessionDelegate protocol. For other questions consider the 'watchconnectivity' or 'watchkit' tags.

Librato is a cloud platform for real-time operations analytics that accepts metrics from any source for real-time aggregation and transformation, anomaly detection, alerting, visual analysis and storage.

Grappa is a Java software package allowing you to create parsers at runtime from grammars coded entirely in Java. It is a candidate successor to Parboiled (1.0.x), which did the same thing but for both Scala and Java. Grappa is Java only, and supports Java 8.

Vorpal.js is a framework for creating interactive CLI applications in Node. Vorpal gives your app an interactive prompt and provides an API for custom-built commands, tabbed auto-completion, TTY controls,

Qt 5.6 is the LTS version of Qt released March 16, 2016. Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.6 and not for other versions.

Azure SQL Database is a relational PaaS database hosted in Microsoft Azure. Azure SQL Database provides predictable performance, scalability, business continuity, data protection, and near-zero administration for cloud developers.

ceres-solver is an open source C++ library for modeling and solving large, complicated optimization problems.

NULL

Dependency injection framework for Swift

8086 source editor, assembler, disassembler, and software emulator (a virtual PC with MSDOS Interface)

IBM Bluemix 'Analytics for Apache Hadoop' service.

IBM Bluemix 'Analytics for Apache Hadoop' service.

GoAccess is an open source real-time web log analyzer and interactive viewer that runs in a terminal in *nix systems. It provides fast and valuable HTTP statistics for system administrators that require a visual server report on the fly.

Robobinding is a data-binding Presentation Model(MVVM) framework for the Android platform.

Please use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.1 of Apple's Swift programming language. Use the tag [swift] for questions about the language in general, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch] etc for general questions about those platforms.

Applozic is a Chat & Messaging SDK for your MOBILE and WEB apps

ABlog is a Sphinx extension that converts any documentation or personal website project into a full-fledged blog.

Used for questions related to the Concur API or related SDKs (https://developer.concur.com/)

AWS IoT is Amazon's implementation of an IoT gateway.

Stamplay is a development platform that allows to build backend of apps using APIs as Lego blocks. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;When building new products there is a lot of upfront work before get started and apps need a wide range of feature and thus a lot of APIs to integrate with.

LibSVM# is a C# port of java version of libsvm, a library for several SVM methods. This project also provides F# bindings.&#xD;&#xA;

Eyeglass is a node-sass extension manager built on top of npm.

NULL

Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS application. The ngApp directive designates the root element of the application and is typically placed near the root element of the page - e.g. on the <body> or <html> tags.

GTKWave is an open-source wave visualization software which is compatible with many known wave formats, including wif (created by modelsim). It is commonly used to visualize the testbench output of VHDL/Verilog implementations.

VCD (Voice Command Definition) is a file that specifies an action or command to execute. Used by Cortana

yt is a python library and toolkit for analyzing and visualizing volumetric data

Spectrum is a JavaScript color picker plugin using the jQuery framework.

Aqua Data Studio is a SQL client/IDE

Serenity BDD helps you write cleaner and more maintainable automated acceptance and regression tests faster. Serenity also uses the test results to produce illustrated, narrative reports that document and describe what your application does and how it works. Serenity tells you not only what tests have been executed, but more importantly, what requirements have been tested.

String functions are used in computer programming languages to manipulate a string or query information about a string.

ATL (ATL Transformation Language) is a model transformation language and toolkit. In the field of Model-Driven Engineering (MDE), ATL provides ways to produce a set of target models from a set of source models.

PocketGrid is a simple and small CSS Grid System entirely based on CSS rules to define elements size.

SFrame is a tabular data structure used to store millions of rows of data that do not necessarily fit into memory for analysis.

Charm is a framework for rapidly prototyping advanced cryptosystems in Python.

Light bulbs are a productivity feature in Visual Studio 2015.

QDial is a Qt class which provides a rounded range control.

The raco program supports various Racket tasks from a command line

NULL

DotVVM is an OWIN-based ASP.NET framework that can build line-of-business applications and SPAs without writing tons of Javascript code. You only have to write a viewmodel in C# and a view in HTML and DotVVM will generate the rest for you.

Questions about Git Large File Storage.

MasterSlider is a plugin for WordPress and jQuery, to easily build animated content and image slider.

Moxie Mocks is an alternative Java mocking library. It follows the *expectation-driven* mocking paradigm. https://github.com/pobrelkey/moxiemocks

Glances deliver easy to read summaries of information from frequently used apps, optimized for Apple Watch.

rkt (pronounced "rock-it") is a container manager for Linux clusters. rkt can run the same container with varying degrees of protection, from lightweight, OS-level namespace and capabilities isolation to heavier, VM-level hardware virtualization.

NULL

american fuzzy lop is a security-oriented fuzzer that employs genetic algorithms in order to efficiently increase code coverage of the test cases. Questions using this tag should be about the use of american-fuzzy-lop or the development of code interfacing with it.

Scylla is a Cassandra-compatible NoSQL data store

Rodeo is a data science IDE built atop Project Jupyter and the Electron cross-platform desktop app framework

Neon is the code name for Eclipse 4.6 released on 22 June 2016. This is the current release of Eclipse. Use this tag for questions which are specific to this Eclipse release, in most cases you should also specify the eclipse tag. Note that Eclipse Neon requires Java 8 to run.

NServiceBus provides support for sending messages over RabbitMQ

Airflow is a workflow management platform to programmatically author, schedule and monitor workflows.&#xD;&#xA;

Complete access layer to node-postgres via Promises/A+.

An open protocol for per-user storage, allowing you to move your data at will (including to your own machines) without having to change the ways you access it.

datepickr.js is a simple JavaScript date picker with no external dependencies

An open-source, pure JavaScript medical research image viewer supporting DICOM and NIFTI formats.

Swisscom Application Cloud is a cloud platform based on Cloud Foundry.

Flask-RESTPlus

NULL

ICViewPager creates sliding tabs for iOS Apps.

Odoo is a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the AGPL license. It is used by 2 million users worldwide to manage companies of all different sizes. The main Odoo components are the server, 260 core modules (also called official modules) and around 4000 community modules.

Ledit is a line editor, allowing to interact with a read-eval loop with control characters and history.

Quandl.com is a website gathering, formatting and offering finance and economic data.

ElasticSearch is an Open Source (Apache 2), Distributed, RESTful, Search Engine built on top of Lucene. This tag should be used only for the use of ElasticSearch in JavaScript.

Amazon Elasticsearch Service is a managed Elasticsearch offering as part of Amazon Web Services.

Secondary indexes (2i) in Riak enable you to tag objects stored in Riak, at write time, with one or more queryable values.

Represents the Kendo UI ProgressBar widget

DSS, or Data Science Studio, is an “Integrated development platform for data professionals to turn raw data into predictions”.

Tag to be used for question regarding inline use of scalable vector graphic (SVG) images.

NULL

Verilator is a translation tool which converts a subset of Verilog as well as portions of SystemVerilog into C++ or SystemC.

Use [siesta-swift] for questions about the Siesta REST library for iOS. For the Javascript unit testing tool, use the tag [siesta].

Ag-grid is a client-side grid which is designed to be framework agnostic. It is not dependant of any framework allowing it to be easily integrated with any of them. Use this tag for questions related to problems with the configuration of ag-grid and its integration with other tools.

Nustache is port of mustache templates engine to the .NET with its own specific.

 Coveo is dedicated to helping organizations upskill for growth by ensuring that every employee, support agent, customer, and website visitor can easily find more relevant information and people—enhancing their skills for the task at hand.&#xD;&#xA;

A slideshow component for cycling through elements, like a carousel. Nested carousels are not supported.

Atlassian Bitbucket Server (formerly known as Stash) is a tool for "Git Repository Management for Enterprise Teams"

A widget that enables the user to select a number from a predefined range. There are two flavors of this widget and which one is presented to the user depends on the current theme.

Libnice is an implementation of the IETF's Interactive Connectivity Establishment (ICE) standard (RFC 5245) and the Session Traversal Utilities for NAT (STUN) standard (RFC 5389). It provides a GLib-based library, libnice and a Glib-free library, libstun as well as GStreamer elements.

Android for Work is an enterprise mobility management (EMM) platform that lets companies deliver a secure, productive, and rich mobile experience to their employees.&#xD;&#xA;For non-developer/programming questions, use http://android.stackexchange.com

bcolz is a Python package providing high-performance numpy style access to data stored in arrays or tables backed by either memory or disk.

LSUIElement is a Mac OS X type of application that runs in the background (having no menu bar) but can also show windows and accept user input. Many such apps use a menu item ([NSStatusItem]) to let the user interact with the app.

Buildship is a collection of Eclipse plug-ins that provide support for building software using Gradle.

Tessel is a development board and platform for building electronics. It supports Node.js as a development language.

jscodeshift is a toolkit created by Facebook for running codemods over multiple JS files

Parse + React is an interface layer on top of the Parse JS SDK.

OS X Services allow sharing data and capabilities across applications. They are invoked by the user either through the active application menu's "Services" submenu or via keyboard shortcuts, typically to act on the data selected in the currently active application.

This tag should be used for all products provided by the Yubico company, such as Yubikey, a two-factor authentication hardware key.

Select this tag when you are specifically referencing a human language, which can be important with sorting, interpretation, grammar, and other features that are not one to one related to a computer language.

Use the isspace tag for languages which provide a function or macro with that name to decide whether characters are white space, such as C or C++.

NULL

The Hydra Core Vocabulary is a lightweight vocabulary to create hypermedia-driven Web APIs. By specifying a number of concepts commonly used in Web APIs it enables the creation of generic API clients.

Speech recognition framework for OSX.

MD2 is a model format used by id Software's id Tech 2 engine and is thus used by Quake II as well as many other games.

NULL

SVG element which can be used to

Citrus-Framework is an Integration Testing Framework.

Apache ZooKeeper is a distributed service that provides configuration information storage, naming, synchronization, coordination, and group services.

The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application. Each of these libraries supports a specific range of Android platform versions and set of features.

Controller which allow you to present web content within the app.

JxBrowser is a Chromium-based Swing/JavaFX web browser which allows to embed a web browser in java applications.

Brillo is an operating system project initiated by Google, for use with the Internet Of Things.

PKCS #12 is one of a family of standards called Public Key Cryptography Standards (PKCS), originally published by RSA Laboratories. Use this tag for all questions relating to the particular variant of the family.

Spacemacs is a text editor. An advanced Kit focused on Evil: The best editor is neither Emacs nor Vim, it's Emacs *and* Vim!

A little like that j-thing, only in Go. https://github.com/PuerkitoBio/goquery

"NASTRAN is a finite element analysis (FEA) program that was originally developed for NASA in the late 1960s under United States government funding for the aerospace industry." [Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nastran]

Related to the discipline of improving the performance of web pages. Performance may be measuring page load time, memory usage, UI jankiness, etc.

Intel's Transactional Synchronization Extension for optimized memory access in multi-threaded code

QPointer is a Qt class which provides guarded pointers to QObject.

Voog is a tool for building and managing multilingual websites.

Simplygon is the leading solution for automatic optimization of 3D-game content and Level of Detail

Technical questions about coding to CA Agile Central's various APIs including the App SDK, Rest Toolkits (Ruby, .NET, Java, Node.js, etc.), and the Web Service API.

Epoch.js is a real-time, high-performance charting library.

The IBM Watson Concept Insights service allows you to discover content which may or may not be found using a traditional keyword search. The service uses a graph created using

Data science concerns extracting knowledge or insights from data, in whatever shape or form. It can contain predictive analytics and usually takes a lot of data wrangling.

a control character used to indicate boundaries between words

PHP Framework for Spatial Data Infrastructures

UHD™ is the open source USRP Hardware Driver offered by Ettus for their series of Software Defined Radio devices.

QSharedPointer is a Qt class which holds a strong reference to a shared pointer.

An array_view is a C++ class template that is a non-owning reference to an array.

Eclipse Oomph (a.k.a Eclipse Installer) is an open source project (EPL license) related to the Eclipse IDE. It automates the installation and update of Eclipse IDE.&#xD;&#xA;

Timber is a WordPress plugin to develop themes using the Twig template language

AngularFaces allows you to use both JSF and AngularJS in the same web application.

NULL

SonarQube™ is an open source platform for Continuous Inspection of code quality. The Maven Plugin triggers the code analyzers.

Pythonista is an integrated development environment for writing and executing Python scripts on iOS.

x-ray is a web scraping library for Node.js. It can use various pluggable drivers such as HTTP or PhantomJS.

The IBM Watson Dialog service provides a comprehensive, technology platform for managing conversations between virtual agents and users through an Application Programming Interface (API).

Used for Google Developers Console

CycleJS is a fully reactive JavaScript framework for Human-Computer Interaction

An extension to Microsoft's WCF (System.ServiceModel) by IDesign

Spring Web Flow Plugin for GRails

The siri remote is the remote controller bundled with the 4th generation Apple TV.

Lightning is a Language Workbench developed by the university of Luxembourg.&#xD;&#xA;It is based on Eclipse for future integration with other modelling tools, and on the formal language Alloy to allow the agile verification of any Language components.

F-Alloy, is a model transformation language based on the formal language Alloy. &#xD;&#xA;Transformations expressed in F-Alloy have the particularity to be interpretable and computable in polynomial time, while still easily transformable to regular Alloy specifications.&#xD;&#xA;F-Alloy can be used to express both endogenous-inplace and exogenous transformations.

NULL

The C++ Core Guidelines are a collaborative effort led by Bjarne Stroustrup, much like the C++ language itself. They are the result of many person-years of discussion and design across a number of organizations. Their design encourages general applicability and broad adoption but they can be freely copied and modified to meet your organization's needs.

The Guidelines Support Library (GSL) contains functions and types that are suggested for use by the C++ Core Guidelines maintained by the Standard C++ Foundation.

Concered with Calenders and Datetimepickers in Jalali calender and also converting other calenders to Jalali Calender.

Covers php to Open Document Format conversion and integration questions, including using the libraries that handle that.

The TVJS framework is a set of JavaScript APIs for creating client-server apps using TVMLKit

NULL

SPARK 2014 is a programming language derived from Ada.

Boon is a high performance JSON parser.

Apache NiFi is an easy to use, powerful, and reliable system to process and distribute data

Use this tag for questions related to use of the cvskit utilities suite, for converting to and working with CSV format files. Check the cvskit Issues list before posting your question, in case there's a known work-around or solution.

Sharetribe is a commercial provider of tools for marketplace websites.

Stream Framework is a python library which allows you to build activity streams & newsfeeds using Cassandra and/or Redis.

gremlin server is a server which caters to gremlin graph queries.

Outlook-2016 is a version of the Microsoft Office productivity suite, succeeding both Office 2013 and Office for Mac 2011. It was released on OS X on 9 July 2015 for Office 365 subscribers

For programming related questions around the IF/IFTTT service. NOT to be used for how do I make this IFTTT recipe work? etc. ONLY for programming related questions.

Sitecore is a Web Content Management System (CMS) built on Microsoft ASP.net. This tag relates to version 8.1 of Sitecore.

Guacamole

The CNContactStore class is a thread-safe class that can fetch and save contacts, groups, and containers.

NULL

Prolog bindings for GLib/GObject/GIO/GTK+&#xD;&#xA;

Relationship Extraction is an IBM Watson Service that can analyze news articles and use statistical modeling to perform linguistic analysis(Name Entity Recognition) of the input text. It then finds spans of text and clusters them together to form entities, before finally extracting the relationships between them.&#xD;&#xA;

PS C:\> Import-Module .\OneGet.psd1&#xD;&#xA;PS C:\> Find-Package -Name zoomit -AllVersions

NULL

stringdist is an R package that implements an approximate string matching version of R's native 'match' function. It can calculate various string distances based on edits, qgrams or heuristic metrics. An implementation of soundex is provided as well.

Silk is a fork of Kibana, an open source (Apache Licensed), browser based analytics and search dashboard for Solr. Silk is a snap to setup and start using. Silk strives to be easy to get started with, while also being flexible and powerful.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The goal is to create a rich and flexible UI, enabling users to rapidly develop end-to-end applications that leverage the power of Apache Solr.

Payara is a modified build of the open source GlassFish Application Server

Payara-Micro is a lightweight build of Payara that builds on GlassFish embedded.

Telerik Platform allows you to build robust cross-platform mobile apps for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone using the web skills you know and love. Build hybrid mobile apps (leveraging Cordova) or native mobile apps (leveraging NativeScript). Telerik Platform enables developers to easily add runtime services as well, including built-in backend services and analytics for measuring app performance.

Neo4j High Availability

Oracle JavaScript Extension Toolkit (JET) empowers developers by providing a modular open source toolkit based on modern JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5 design and development principles.

Selenide is a framework for writing easy-to-read and easy-to-maintain automated tests in Java.

Tutum is the Docker Platform for Dev and Ops

The IBM Watson Tone Analyzer API uses linguistic analysis to detect and interpret emotional, social, and writing cues found in text. Then, it also offers rhetorical suggestions for an author to improve the intended tone of their message.&#xD;&#xA;

Questions about 3.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework. If your question is about CakePHP in general, use the tag [cakephp].

Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) provides a simple yet powerful centralized access control.

A platform specific search filter plugin for the Ionic Framework (iOS / Android).

Fiware-poi refers to the Points of Interest Generic Enabler (POI GE) developed as a part of the [FIWARE](https://www.fiware.org/) platform.&#xD;&#xA;

Force Touch is a feature in Apple Watch that allows depth sensitivity when tapping. Use this when writing Apple Watch apps using this feature.

The match-all-types type in the Swift programming language. For questions concening the use of `AnyObject` and how to handle it.

Js-data-angular is an Angular wrapper for js-data that provides injectable resources, simple methods of binding data to the scope, and automatically registers the DSHttpAdapter using Angular's $http service.

HyperSync is a feature exclusive to PocketWizard radios that allows you to shoot at speeds faster than your cameras X-sync while using studio strobes.

Unity WebGL is Unity's export format for web browsers.

CONNECT-REST - Exceptionally featureful Restful web services middleware for connect node.js

Spring Security version 4

This tag should be used for questions related to Sitecore Branch Templates - predefined collection of items that a CMS user can replicate to create a new structure by selecting an insert option.

jSignature is a JavaScript widget (a jQuery plugin) that simplifies creation of a signature capture field in a browser window, allowing a user to draw a signature using mouse, pen, or finger.

Use this tag for questions regarding Outlook web add-ins. This tag should not be used for questions regarding COM or VSTO add-ins.

Cells v4 is a library of view components for use with Ruby and Rails

PowerShell cmdlet that runs a script containing statements from the languages (Transact-SQL and XQuery) and commands supported by the SQL Server sqlcmd utility.

NULL

This tag is for the Adept Technology specific coding language V+.

Libxlsxwriter is a C library for creating Excel XLSX files

xdvi displays in the X Windows System .dvi files produced by TeX

Apache DataFu™ is a collection of libraries for working with large-scale data in Hadoop

ExoPlayer is an application level media player for Android.

Allows interaction with media controllers, volume keys, media buttons, and transport controls.

The json1 extension is a loadable extension that implements eleven application-defined SQL functions and two table-valued functions that are useful for managing JSON content stored in an SQLite database.

MSAGL is a .NET tool for graph layout and viewing. It was developed in Microsoft by Lev Nachmanson, Sergey Pupyrev, Tim Dwyer and Ted Hart. MSAGL is available as open source at https://github.com/Microsoft/automatic-graph-layout

PowerShellGet is the Package Manager Manager for PowerShell modules.

eRoom is an online project collaboration software product from EMC Corporation.

xarray (formerly xray) is an open source library that provides a range of N-dimensional data structures.

Ubuntu operating system, version 15.10

npm publish <packagename> is command on npm CLI, which publishes the specified package to the npmjs repository and then can be available to install through npm install command.

npm install <packagename> is command on npm CLI, which search and installs the specified package from npm repository.

CSS Modules is a pre-processor that allows for emulation of local scope and control dependencies in CSS code.

LightGallery is a customizable, modular, responsive, lightbox gallery plugin for jQuery.

kerl is a tool that runs scripts to assist in the building and installation of Erlang/OTP instances.

SwiftyUserDefaults is a modern Swift API for NSUserDefaults

Copied from https://wiki.opendaylight.org/view/Defense4All:Tutorial: Defense4All is a security SDN application for detecting and driving mitigation of DoS and DDoS attacks in different SDN topologies. It realizes anti-DoS in OOP mode for the ProgrammableFlow SDN environment

PHPOffice is an open-source collection of libraries used for reading and writing files in formats compatible with various "office" suites, such as Microsoft Office and OpenOffice.

Copied from https://github.com/PHPOffice/PHPPresentation: PHPPresentation is a library written in pure PHP that provides a set of classes to write to different presentation file formats, i.e. Microsoft Office Open XML (OOXML or OpenXML) or OASIS Open Document Format for Office Applications (OpenDocument or ODF).

Use this tag when developing with or using the Chrome Remote Desktop Chrome extension.

Xposed is a framework allowing to "hook into", that is, modify behavior of any function on an Android device. This is achieved via modifying "Zygote", which is the heart of the Android runtime. Xposed is a cheap replacement for a custom rom with custom code.

A syntax extension preprocessor for C-like languages facilitating manipulating tree structures and XML.

Copied from http://support.guptatechnologies.com/Docs/SQLBase/Books/sqltalk10/sqltalk_intro.htm: SQLTalk is an interactive user interface for SQLBase.

NULL

Copied from http://elastalert.readthedocs.org/en/latest/elastalert.html: ElastAlert is a simple framework for alerting on anomalies, spikes, or other patterns of interest from data in Elasticsearch.

EDoc is the Erlang program documentation generator.

Font Awesome 4.4.0 is the newest version of font-awesome, the "iconic font and CSS toolkit". It comes with 66 new icons

PyX is a Python package for the creation of PostScript, PDF, and SVG files. It combines an abstraction of the PostScript drawing model with a TeX/LaTeX interface. Complex tasks like 2d and 3d plots in publication-ready quality are built out of these primitives.

Copied from https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/GRUB2: GRUB2 is a boot loader with support for modern day computer systems. It is meant to replace the older GRUB boot loader (now referred to as "GRUB Legacy").

A lightweight, flexible and simple platform primarily for web applications and an alternative to AJAX/HTML. Runs on top of the Java stack, so browser independent.

A node and browser compatible js library for generating RFC4122 (v1 and v4) UUIDs.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid

Copied from http://docs.aws.amazon.com/kinesis/latest/dev/developing-consumers-with-kcl.html: The Amazon Kinesis Client Library (KCL) helps you consume and process data from an Amazon Kinesis stream. This type of application is also referred to as a consumer.

Microsoft Azure Key Vault is a cloud-hosted service that allows applications to encrypt/decrypt data using (HSM stored) cryptographic keys and store and retrieve secrets.

MyGUI is a library for creating Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs) for games and 3D applications.

allow-modals is a flag that can be set on the sandbox attribute of an iframe to allow modals (like alert and confirm) to break out of the iframe. This flag is needed since Chrome disallows this behaviour by default from version 46.

Akka Persistent FSM is an experimental package for unifying Akka FSM with Akka Persistence.

Akka FSM is a framework for explicitly defining Akka actors in the form of an finite-state machine.

phonegap-cli is the Command Line Interface for Phonegap. It is an open-source, cross-device mobile development platform. It uses HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to create applications. Functionality is achieved through plugins. It is synonymous with Cordova.

Marionette is a remote-control for Firefox and other Mozilla products. It is similar to Selenium.

WebRx is a browser-based MVVM-Framework that combines functional-reactive programming with declarative Data-Binding, Templating and Client-Side Routing.

S-Lang is a library designed to allow cross-platform development. It includes features supporting screen display and user input, as well as an embedded interpreter that can be used to make a program extensible.

Sagitta – SDC Manager GEri is an application to install products available in a catalogue on virtual machines.

Pegasus (PaaS Manager GEri) is an application to deploy complex environments composed of several virtual machines with products installed on them.

Copied from https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Reference/PushKit_Framework/index.html: The PushKit framework provides the classes for your iOS apps to receive pushes from remote servers.

The most comprehensive Big Data Platform in the market. It greatly reduces the complexity of other platforms by giving you control over all your Big Data software. Operational and informational intelligence combined to leverage your data and turn it into profitable actions.

Parsel lets you extract data from XML/HTML documents using XPath or CSS selectors. Internally used and maintained by scrapy

MS-MPI is Microsoft's MPI implementation based on MPICH. The [ms-mpi] tag should be used for questions concerning programs developed using MS-MPI.

Bosun GEri offers decision-making ability, independently of the type of resource (physical/virtual resources, network, service, etc.) being able to solve complex problems within the Cloud field by reasoning about the knowledge base, represented by facts and rules.

Alpine Linux is a security-oriented, lightweight Linux distribution based on musl libc and busybox.

Copied from https://github.com/GetStream/stream-django: stream-django is a package helps you create activity streams & newsfeeds with Django and GetStream.io.

CloudKit provides separate development and production environments for your record types and data. The development environment is a more flexible environment that is available only to members of your development team. When your app adds a new field to a record and saves that record in the development environment, the server updates the schema information automatically.

Component is a special kind of directive that uses a simpler configuration which is suitable for a component-based application structure. A Component cannot do any DOM manipulation like directives (in the link and compile methods).

Skuld is a command line tool to manage the user account status inside the FIWARE Lab keystone service. This management includes the release of all instantiated resources from a trial account user and the downgraded to Basic Account user type.

Nestable is an open-source jQuery plugin which provides a way to create draggable hierarchical list control.

Flutter, built by Google, gives developers an easy and productive way to build and deploy cross-platform, high-performance mobile apps.

Folktale is a suite of libraries for generic functional programming in JavaScript that allows you to write elegant modular applications with fewer bugs and more reuse.

The FIWARE health tool aims to provide a way to know each ‘FIWARE region status’, running some sanity tests against each node and validating the main features and services of the infrastructure with a final-user approach (E2E testing).

Questions related to NHibernate mapping definitions written in XML.

Bitrise is a CI/CD Platform for mobile development (iOS/Android/Xamarin).

IDE given by red hat. specialized to use with java.

NULL

This tag refers to Android runtime permissions introduced with Android 6.0 Marshmallow (API level 23). &#xD;&#xA;Previously permissions were granted on installation of an app. As of API level 23 permissions need to be requested at runtime.&#xD;&#xA;

Functional Logic Programming (or FLP in short) is a composite paradigm unifiying the Functional Programming and Logic Programming paradigms.

KiCS2 is a new implementation of the multi-paradigm declarative language Curry. KiCS2 compiles Curry programs into Haskell programs, i.e., it uses the Glasgow Haskell Compiler as its back end. Similarly to many other implementations of Curry, it also has an interactive environment (read/eval/print loop) to ease the development of Curry applications.

j8583 is a Java library to handle ISO-8583 (Financial transaction card originated messages — Interchange message specifications) messages.

The RightNow Object Query Language (ROQL) facility enables you to make queries against the RightNow Cx database (ORACLE).

Skrill (formerly Moneybookers) is an online payments platform.

A simple static file server middleware that works with both Express and Flatiron

The Apple News Format, API and associated technologies

AWS Directory Service is a managed service that allows you to connect your AWS resources with an existing on-premises Microsoft Active Directory or to set up a new, stand-alone directory in the AWS cloud.

clang-cl is a new compiler from the LLVM project that attempts to be a drop-in replacement for MSVC's cl.exe. It also brings the full power of the LLVM toolchain to Windows. We now have unofficial support for building with clang-cl on Windows.

 Otto is the successor to Vagrant. Otto is the single solution to develop and deploy any application, with first class support for microservices.

SSSD is a system daemon that provides access to identity and authentication remote resource through a common framework that can provide caching and offline support to the system.

Murano provides the basic support for hardware deployment management (virtual servers, networks, etc.) and software installation management.

Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.7

Components are scripts added to a GameObject in Unity3d.

Node.JS library for communicating with USB devices in JavaScript / CoffeeScript.

Use this when developing with the IntelliJ IDEA 15 IDE for Java.

Revapi is an API checker for the masses. It makes sure you don't cause headaches to your users when they upgrade to a new version of your stuff

This tag is for questions regarding the usage of Affectiva's emotion recognition SDKs. The SDK is now at version 3.0.

An exopackage is a small shell of an Android app that contains the minimal code and resources needed to bootstrap loading the code for a full-fledged Android application.

Questions about node-windows, a utility designed to allow running Node.js as a Windows service.

UC Browser is a mobile browser developed by Chinese mobile Internet company UCWeb (also known as UC Mobile). Originally launched in April 2004 as a J2me-only application, it is available on platforms including Android, iOS, Windows Phone, Symbian, Java ME, and BlackBerry.

Class that holds the basic account information of the signed in Google user. Used since the version 8.3 of Google Play Services.

The google-trusted-stores tag should be used for questions related to integration with the Google Trusted Stores program for E-Commerce retailers

Fluent Selenium framework designed to utilize the power of CSS and implement method chaining to create a clean, easy DSL for testing.

Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)

fastutil is a collection of type-specific Java classes that extend the Java Collections Framework by providing several containers, such as maps, sets, lists and prority queues, implementing the interfaces of the java.util package; it provides also big (64-bit) arrays, sets and lists, and fast, practical I/O classes for binary and text files.

Slim 3 is the successor to Slim 2, a micro framework for PHP.

Browserify plugin for compiling TypeScript

Smooch is a chat API with SDKs for Web, Android and iOS.

Designed to protect online privacy

Redis Cluster provides a way to run a Redis installation where data is automatically sharded across multiple Redis nodes.&#xD;&#xA;

Unity Test Tools is a test framework for the games and interactive content made in the Unity game engine.

NULL

Spring Lemon is a library containing the essential configurations and code needed for developing REST APIs using Spring Framework and Spring Boot.

stands for absorption (scattering out) and emission (scattering in) of light inside (semi)transparent materials.

Payeezy is the quickest way to accept payments in your mobile app or website. Now featuring Apple Pay(TM) In-app payments. Simple API, easy integration.

A jQuery plugin to validate form fields

Tipped is a Javascript library to make tooltips.

Use the splitstackshape R package to stack and reshape datasets after splitting concatenated values

Templates are D's approach to generic programming. Use this tag for questions where the declaration or instantiation of templates is relevant to the problem.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Do not use this tag if D code simply instantiates a template but where that usage isn't relevant to the problem or question.

A library for managing data within JavaScript applications.&#xD;&#xA;http://alt.js.org

The iron- paper- gold- neon- platinum- molecules-elements and Google Web Components

NULL

The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse, developed by Snowflake Computing, is a cloud datawarehouse that provides a SQL interface to file-based and S3-based structured and semi-structured data.

KDoc is a documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Kotlin source code and generates compiled documentation. It is typically used to produce API documentation in the form of HTML web pages.

TensorFlow is an open source library for machine learning and machine intelligence. It is developed by Google and became open source in Nov. 2015

Based on Apache Kafka, IBM® Message Hub for Bluemix™ is a scalable, distributed, high throughput message bus to unite your on-premise and off-premise cloud technologies.

A quick object-object mapper for .NET

NULL

Grapevine is a .NET class library for embedding REST/HTTP servers and/or clients inside any application. Grapevine allows you to map HTTP Methods and URL patterns (using regular expressions) to specific methods and streamlines connecting and communicating with REST servers using simple patterns and placeholders.

Used for questions relating to RabbitMQ's Federation plugin.

Azure Data Lake Analytics is a suite of three big data services in Microsoft Azure: HDInsight, Data Lake Store, and Data Lake Analytics.

The Mehdime.Entity is a library available already in www.nuget.com. It is very convient way of using Entity Framework with custom access layers. I think it is worth to create such tag

luaglut is a collection of libraries that provide OpenGL and GLUT bindings in Lua 5.

CSS gradients are new types of image added in the CSS3 Image Module. Using CSS gradients lets you display smooth transitions between two or more specified colors. These are commonly used for subtle shading in background images, buttons, and many other things.

NULL

Blade is the simple, yet powerful templating engine provided with Laravel. Unlike other popular PHP templating engines, Blade does not restrict you from using plain PHP code in your views.

Reductio is a Javascript library that makes it easy to do complex, efficient aggregations using Crossfilter

Unified Log Processing is a coherent data processing architecture designed to encompass batch and near-real time stream data, event logging and aggregation, and data processing on the resulting unified event stream. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Source: https://www.manning.com/books/unified-log-processing

Thunk middleware for Redux. Redux Thunk middleware allows you to write action creators that return a function instead of an action. The thunk can be used to delay the dispatch of an action, or to dispatch only if a certain condition is met. The inner function receives the store methods dispatch and getState() as parameters.

The Universal Windows Platform is a common platform for all devices running Windows 10. The UWP is separated into device families like PC, Mobile, IoT and many more. The UWP allows you to use common code for all device families.

phpws is WebSocket Server and Client library for PHP. Works with the latest HyBi specifications, as well the older Hixie #76 specification used by older Chrome versions and some Flash fallback solutions.

The SQL Processor (or SQLP) is an engine producing the ANSI SQL statements and providing their execution without the necessity to write Java plumbing code related to the ORM or JDBC API.

DevExpress SnapControl is a next generation reporting module intended for embedding dynamic data in your rich text documents. Snap can be used to easily create a user interface that allows for a quick creation of standard reports with the capabilities of data shaping (grouping, sorting), hierarchical data representation (master-detail reports) and much more.

GlanceSync is a command line tool to solve the problem of the images synchronisation between regions. It synchronises glance servers in different regions taking the base of a master region. It was designed for FIWARE project, but it has been expanded to be useful for other users or projects.

Component to allow incorporating monitoring and metering mechanisms in order be able to constantly check the performance of the system.

Elasticsearch as a Service(Hosted Elasticsearch)

Rollup.js is a next-generation JavaScript Transpiler and module bundler

NULL

The MIC-1 is a processor architecture invented by Andrew S. Tanenbaum to use as a simple but complete example in his teaching book Structured Computer Organization.

IJVM is an instruction set architecture created by Andrew Tanenbaum for his MIC-1 architecture. It is used to teach assembly basics in his book Structured Computer Organization.

Real time console spec reporter for jasmine behavior-driven development testing framework.

NULL

Angular-once is a library for inproving the performance of read-only lists by removing the duplicate watchers.

A 32-bit MASM library and macros targeting the Win32 Console

Questions relating to the PowerShell type [switch].

NOT to be confused with XML, nor xlsm, nor xmlns, nor other ?xml s. XLM is the standard file extension in Windows for macros and UDFs recorded in versions prior to Excel 5 (1993) where it remained an option until, with Excel 7 (the next version – released 1995), replaced by VBA. Microsoft discourages the use of XLM but it has features, still functional in recent Excel versions, that may at times be more convenient than VBA.

for questions relating to programmatic interfaces to the SAS Metadata Model

ReactiveX is a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs by using observable sequences.

The Sitecore Error Manager is a shared source module for the Sitecore CMS.

Simple and lightweight configuration management tool inspired by Chef.

NULL

Authy is a Twilio service to implement two-factor authentication. Their main service is based on Google Authenticator one-time passwords.

Toolz is a python package that provides a suite of composable, pure and lazy functions that make it easy to work in a functional style.

Serverside rendering is a technique for rendering a client-side app on the server.

Mobile Apps in Azure App Service offers a highly scalable, globally available mobile application development platform for Enterprise Developers and System Integrators that brings a rich set of capabilities to mobile developers.

Kube is a minimalistic Web framework for professional developers and designers.

Ardulink is a complete, open source, java solution for the control and coordination of Arduino boards. It defines a communication protocol and a communication interface allowing several protocol implementations.

Mecanim is the Unity game engine’s animation tool, which includes retargetable animations, full control of animation weights at runtime, event calling from within the animation playback, sophisticated state machine hierarchies and transitions, blend shapes for facial animations, and more.

CRUSH is an acronym for Controlled Replication Under Scalable Hashing. It is the algorithm that drives the Ceph object storage environment.

Stacktable.js is an open source jQuery plugin for stacking tables on small screens.

Use this tag for question regarding the creation or use of Knockout js custom bindings

an open source project which enables JUnit-style assertions to be made about the content and structure of XML. XMLUnit 2.x is a complete rewrite and is based on the experience of XMLUnit 1.x.

IBM Globalization Pipeline is a Bluemix service that provides machine translation and editing capabilities that enable rapid translation of web or mobile UI.

Ionic 2 is the next generation of Ionic, the open-source mobile app development SDK that makes it easy to build top quality mobile apps with web technologies.

The django-simple-history app stores Django model state on every create/update/delete.

Subresource Integrity (SRI), a W3C standard, is a security feature which enables browsers to verify that files they fetch (for example, from a CDN) are delivered without unexpected manipulation. It works by allowing you to provide a cryptographic hash that a fetched file must match.

WebGL 2 is the 2nd version of WebGL. It is based on OpenGL ES 3.0

SimpleWebRTC is an open source javascript library for joining and managing mesh p2p WebRTC conferences. Questions using this tag should be specific to this library.

The Spring Boot Gradle Plugin provides Spring Boot support in Gradle, allowing you to package executable jar or war archives, run Spring Boot applications and use the dependency management provided by spring-boot-dependencies.

Apache Cocoon, usually just called Cocoon, is a web application framework built around the concepts of pipeline, separation of concerns and component-based web development.

zpaq is a free and open source incremental, journaling command-line archiver for Windows, Linux and Mac OS/X.

dweet.io is simple publishing and subscribing for machines, sensors, devices, robots etc.

Mercury is a modular JavaScript UI framework. It is similar to React, although larger in scope and better compared against Om or Quiescent.

ESPlorer is an IDE for esp8266 developers

TreeFrog Framework is a high-speed and full-stack C++ framework for developing Web applications, which supports HTTP and WebSocket protocol.

N-Quads is a line-based, plain text format for encoding an RDF dataset.

Encrypted Core Data SQLite provides encrypted storage for persistent core data. Use this tag for Gavin Black's project, not for David Benko's.

for easy creation of adventure games that are played outdoors using GPS &#xD;&#xA;or smart phones equipped with GPS module.

Wherigo is a toolset for creating and playing GPS-enabled adventures in the real world.

Backand is a backend-as-a-service for AngularJS that provides social login, push notifications, and Ionic integration.

React DnD is a set of React higher-order components to help you build complex drag and drop interfaces while keeping your components decoupled.

Folly ("Facebook Open Source Library") is a C++ library of relatively low-level components, with very few dependencies, developed by Facebook. It's published under the Apache 2.0 license and is under active development as of November 2015.

Windows IoT Core (or Windows Internet of Things) is a specialty version of Windows 10 for embedded devices like Raspberry Pi 2, Raspberry Pi 3 and MinnowBoard Max. It is a platform for the .Net developers to work on Internet

ScalaPB is a protocol buffer compiler (protoc) plugin for Scala. It generates Scala case classes, parsers and serializers for protocol buffers.

Coded statement of account (CODA)&#xD;&#xA;This bank standard (also called CODA) specifies the lay-out for the electronic files

Concerning the !important tag in css.

Use this tag for questions specific to the 2.1 version of Orient DB of Orient Technologies.

Grooid tag is for using the groovy library on android specifically using the jar with the "grooid" classifier.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;This can also be questions realted to the groovy-android plugin that compiles groovy code to the dex format.

Tabletop.js is a javascript API for accessing data within Google Spreadsheets.

FirebaseUI is a binding library that simplifies developing applications for iOS and Android with Firebase.

A distributed, multi-tenant host controller optimized for containers.

U-SQL is a query language designed for Azure Data Lake. It provides a way to mingle SQL keywords with syntactic C# expressions, so that within a single script, a programmer can schematize the data from an unstructured source, use SQL to aggregate the data into the desired form, and then write the output to a file or table.

Use the `finnish` tag for questions specific to the Finnish language.

Refers to the "Today" widget in the notifications center of iOS 9 devices, made in the same way as iOS 8 Today Widgets but for the latest version of iOS.

SourceTree is a free Mercurial and Git Client for Windows and Mac that provides a graphical interface to connect with Git and HF services.

Gelly is the graph processing library for the Apache Flink distributed streaming engine.

FlinkML is the machine learning library for the Apache Flink distributed streaming engine.

Available as an npm module, through2 is a wrapper around Node's core stream.Tranform class that allows for simpler object stream creation.&#xD;&#xA;

A user-friendlier drop-in replacement for the standard select with multiple attribute activated.

Apache Flink is an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing. Flink supports batch and streaming analytics, in one system. Analytical programs can be written in concise and elegant APIs in Java and Scala.

`protobuf-js' is a Protocol Buffers encoder/decoder for Javascript.

An NSUserActivity object provides a lightweight way to capture app state so that it can be restored later. NSUserActivity supports activity restoration from Handoff, which lets users begin an activity on one device and continue it on another, and from search results.&#xD;&#xA;

Use this tag to annotate questions about the use of Spark and Hadoop specifically in the context of SAP's Vora engine.

A tool for remapping Istanbul coverage via Source Maps

The NVIDIA CUDA Deep Neural Network library (cuDNN) is a GPU-accelerated library of primitives for deep neural networks.

Embeddable Reporting lets you run IBM® Cognos® Business Intelligence reports within your Bluemix™ environment.

Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications.

The JIRA Sonar Plugin provides a convenient way to integrate the Atlassian project management system with the SonarQube Continuous Inspection platform

An angular2 form is a collection of controls. Use this tag for questions pertaining to angular2 forms, NgForm, FORM_DIRECTIVES, Controls, and ControlGroups as well as data binding between forms and components.

RAMCloud is a new class of storage for large-scale datacenter applications. It is a key-value store that keeps all data in DRAM at all times (it is not a cache like memcached).

Dependency resolution is the process of resolving declared/required dependencies and any potential transitive dependency through the concerned dependencies graph, for instance during a build of a software product.

UI control to like an object in the Facebook graph.

FBSDKLikeButton is a button to like an object.

This tag should be used only for questions related to NetBeans Platform architecture(such as its run target).

Nested SELECT is used when some select query is used under a select query like SELECT * FROM (SELECT * FROM TABLE)

HummusJS is a node.js driver for my PDF library PDFHummus

JRockit/Java Flight Recorder (JFR), a performance monitoring and profiling tool

Magento is a eCommerce software and platform

Referencing actual rendered height of a font.

Unicorn is a Sitecore utility designed to simplify deployment of Sitecore items across environments automatically&#xD;&#xA;

Ring.js is a class system in JavaScript allowing multiple inheritance.

InstallShield is a software tool by Flexera Software for creating installers or software packages for Windows OS. Primarily used for creating Microsoft Windows Installer (MSI installer). InstallShield 2015 is a latest version of InstallShield.

JShell is an interactive tool to evaluate declarations, statements, and expressions of the Java programming language, together with an API so that other applications can leverage this functionality.

.NET task scheduler with fluent interface that runs automated jobs.

Please use this tag to find answers, ask questions, and answer questions about using the extensibility capabilities of Office 365 Connectors.

A recurrent neural network (RNN) is a class of artificial neural network where connections between units form a directed cycle.

tmap is an actively maintained open-source R-library for drawing thematic maps, written by Martijn Tennekes. The API is based on the Layered Grammar of Graphics, and resembles the syntax of ggplot2, a popular R-library for drawing charts.

AS88 is an assembler, simulator, and tracer for the Intel 8088 processors

Croppic is an image cropping jquery plugin

Cassandra 3.0 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache.

Fiddle is an extension to translate a foreign function interface (FFI) with ruby.

Microsoft Graph (previously called Office 365 unified API) exposes multiple APIs from Microsoft cloud services through a single REST API endpoint (https://graph.microsoft.com). Using the Microsoft Graph, you can turn formerly difficult or complex queries into simple navigations.

Unity 5.1 introduced a new framework to handle client+server networking, also known as UNet.

A MariaDB storage engine for connecting to other databases / data sources (Binary, JSON, SQLite, etc.)

ND4J and ND4S are scientific computing libraries for the JVM.

Google Cloud Source Repositories are fully-featured Git repositories hosted on Google Cloud Platform

wpackagist is the WordPress Packagist

NULL

a JavaScript library for convenient drag and drop support

With Ghostlab, you can test any website on various browsers and mobile devices simultaneously

Ricoh Print&Share is a multi-functional, multi-channeled and intelligent virtual printer driver with many useful tools. It can also run scripts in C# and VBScript

Meteor gives you a radically simpler way to build realtime mobile and web apps, entirely in JavaScript from one code base

shippo refers to the libraries and APIs produced by the company “Shippo” for multi-carrier integration, shipping label creation/purchasing, parcel tracking, and other shipping-related activities.

NULL

This tag can be used for questions, which are related to RDFS+ ("OWL Very Lite")

Display could refer to a style value in CSS for the visibility property, a selector in jQuery, a possible value for the type attribute of an input or to an `HTML5` attribute.

(Apple) Wallet tag is applicable for questions relating to Apple Wallet (formally Passbook), Apple Pay, and Apple's PassKit framework.

Web application framework, Groovy version of Ruby on Rails, to use in Java development

Hoodiecrow is a scriptable IMAP server for client integration testing

COMSOL Multiphysics is a finite element program used in engineering and physics. It incorporates combineable modules for different areas of physics (e.g. structural mechanics, thermodynamics, acoustics). It also has an API that is compatible with Java and supports LiveLink for MATLAB.

Governator is a library of extensions and utilities that enhance Google Guice to provide: classpath scanning and automatic binding, lifecycle management, configuration to field mapping, field validation and parallelized object warmup.

A modern, high performance, flexible SMTP server.

A progressive web app provides an app-like user experience that is low friction and is built using modern web capabilities and hosted on the web and can become an app on the user's system over time.

Flask-Uploads allows your application to flexibly and efficiently handle file uploading and serving the uploaded files. You can create different sets of uploads - one for document attachments, one for photos, etc. - and the application can be configured to save them all in different places and to generate different URLs for them.

File format for stereolithography CAD files.

wxPHP stands for "wxWidgets for PHP" and is a binding/wrapper for the cross-platform GUI library wxWidgets.

Boost library for numeric types with arbitrary precision.

Switchery is a component that turns default HTML checkbox inputs into iOS 7 style switches. They can be customized, so that they match your design.

QSToolKit (QSTK) is a Python-based open source software framework designed to support portfolio construction and management.

TinyMCE is a platform independent web-based JavaScript WYSIWYG HTML editor control released as open source under LGPL.

This is the latest version of Foundation for Sites&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Official Docs: http://foundation.zurb.com/sites/docs/

Framework-agnostic, micro-library for getting stack traces in all web browsers.

Cocos2d-x is an open source game engine under MIT license. It can be used to build games, apps and other cross platform GUI based interactive programs.

The Dojo toolkit Calendar (scheduler) control - http://dojotoolkit.org/reference-guide/1.10/dojox/calendar.html

Data format extension for Jackson (http://jackson.codehaus.org) to offer alternative support for serializing POJOs as XML and deserializing XML as pojos.

StreamEx a library enhancing Java Streams. Use this tag for questions about specific usage of this library.

Nano Server is a deeply refactored version of Windows Server with a small footprint and remotely managed installation, optimized for the cloud and a DevOps workflow.

Vector drawing and editing plugin for Leaflet

Zinc is a stand-alone launcher for SBT incremental compiler (and Nailgun server). It was created, primarily, to be used in command line tools

SCPSolver - an easy to use Java Linear Programming Interface

std::deque is the C++ implementation of a double-ended queue provided by the STL

GDM is the GNOME Display Manager

GitSwarm is a git frontend developed by Perforce to interact with a classic Perforce server. It is based on GitLab.

StacMan is a .NET client for Stack Exchange API v2 https://api.stackexchange.com

Ansible templates are processed by the Jinja2 templating language. Beside the default Jinja2 filters Ansible extends functionality with a lot of custom filters.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Templates are rendered from Ansible tasks through the template module.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag for asking questions specifically related to writing Ansible templates.

Perfect is a framework for developing web and other REST services in the Swift programming language.

a continuous test runner for JavaScript/TypeScript/CoffeeScript that plugs into multiple code editors

java interface for JSR-330 standard. It is part of javaee-6

Tag should be used for questions related to version 5.2.3 of the Unity game engine.

To be used for Windows Media Player issue only

Spinnaker is an open source, multi-cloud continuous delivery platform for releasing software changes with high velocity and confidence.

IntelliJ IDEA is an IDE by JetBrains. Originally created for Java, it currently supports a wide variety of languages, including JavaScript, Groovy, HTML, CSS, RSS, R, Haskell, PHP, Ruby, Python, Scala, Swift, Clojure, and Kotlin.

Base58 is a Ruby library/gem for converting ints to and from base58.

Spoon is the graphical transformation and job designer associated with the Pentaho Data Integration suite — also known as the Kettle project.

tag to be used specifically for the ubuntu package exfat-fuse

YANG is a data modeling language originally designed to model data manipulated by the Network Configuration Protocol (NETCONF). Since the publication of YANG version 1 (RFC6020), YANG has been used or proposed to be used for other protocols (e.g., RESTCONF and CoMI). Use this tag for questions related to the YANG data modeling language and tools that process it.

NULL

Masked arrays are NumPy arrays that may have missing or invalid entries. The `numpy.ma` module provides a nearly work-alike replacement for NumPy that supports data arrays with masks.

Questions related to gridstack.js which is a jQuery plugin for widget layout

Questions related to HiveContext class of Apache Spark

use this tag for questions on the onbuild commands in docker.

parse4cn1 is a CodenameOne extension library (cn1lib) that enables integrating Parse (www.parse.com) in CodenameOne apps. It uses the Parse REST API whenever possible to realize cross-platform solutions. However, for advanced functionality such as push notifications, parse4cn1 features native Parse SDK integration.

Questions about starting Activities in Android and in return receive a result from the started activity when it finished.

Andoid Drawable object that draws primitive shapes. A ShapeDrawable takes a Shape object and manages its presence on the screen. This object can be defined in an XML file with the <shape> element.

Castra is a Python library that allows efficient data column-store.

Ox is an object-oriented matrix programming language with a mathematical and statistical function library.

EViews is a statistical package, used mainly for time-series oriented econometric analysis.

jsGrid is a lightweight client-side data grid control based on jQuery

To set expression in SSRS Report.&#xD;&#xA;SSRS-Expressions are frequently used in SSRS Reports to control content and report appearance.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

WonderPush is push notification platform for web sites and mobile applications.

Use for general questions related to Gluon that don't fit into more specific tags such as gluon-mobile or gluon-desktop, and also other tags like javafxports or scenebuilder.

Front-end optimization (FEO) is the process of optimizing the delivery of website resources from the client side.

HTML5 <dialog> element

Entrust is a plugin to add role-based permissions to Laravel.

Python module providing a bridge between Scikit-Learn’s Machine Learning methods and pandas-style DataFrames

NULL

PyAMG is a library of Algebraic Multigrid (AMG) solvers with a convenient Python interface.

The Kestrel HTTP Server is part of ASP.NET 5.

The Dolphin Platform is a framework that implements the presentation model pattern and provides a modern way to create enterprise applications. The Platform provides several client implementations that all can be used in combination with a general sever API.

SuiteSparse is a suite of sparse matrix algorithms, including UMFPACK, CHOLMOD, SPQR, KLU, BTF, ordering methods (AMD, CAMD, COLAMD, and CCOLAMD), CSparse, CXSparse, UFget, spqr_rank, Factorize, SSMULT, SFMULT, and many other packages.

Financial markets' analysts use [Technical Indicator]s in Technical Analyses as for graphing visualisations of quantitative models. Technical Analyses are elaborated in parallel to another studies, approached in a so called Fundamental Analysis.

JaVers is a lightweight java library for auditing changes in your data.

ArangoDB is a NoSQL database with graphs support. Its key features are schemaless documents, key/value store, transactions and joins, also ArangoDB allows for multi-master clustering and horizontal scalability.

Font based icons supported by Github

A Modern Web Application Framework for Node.js

LayerKit is the iOS SDK for interacting with the Layer communications cloud. It provides a simple, object oriented interface to the rich messaging capabilities provided by the platform.

Shrine is a file upload toolkit for Ruby, it's designed to be simple, extensible, secure and fast, and provides an abstraction for different storages.

money.js is a tiny (1kb) javascript currency conversion library, for web & nodeJS

Enterprise cloud-based app builder and MBaaS

The act of updating a part of HTML DOM tree based on ajax response.

Petalinux is a Linux distribution targeting the Xilinx systems. USAGE GUIDANCE : The tag should only be used for the Petalinux distribution

A Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) is a type of unit in a recurrent neural network.

The **android.hardware.camera2** package provides an interface to individual camera devices connected to an Android device. It replaces the deprecated [Camera](http://developer.android.com/reference/android/hardware/Camera.html) class.

Marshmallow is an ORM/ODM/framework-agnostic library for converting complex datatypes, such as objects, to and from native Python datatypes.

A WiX-like tool, that builds Windows Installer (MSI) packages from an XML document, and tries to share the same syntax as the WiX toolset

parsehub is a data-extraction platform for static and dynamic data web-sites. The platform has free and paid tiers of service. Templates can be written that will select elements, extract data to CSV/JSON, and interact with elements in the page. Multi-page navigation is possible. There is an API to gain access to the platform's capabilities for user projects.

NULL

Piet is an esoteric programming language that uses bitmap images as the syntax. Source code is usually designed to look like the blocky artworks of Piet Mondrian.

Elegant and powerful HATEOAS (Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State)for Java based on JSON API standard

This is the SonarQube 5.2.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the sonarqube tag if your question is specific to SonarQube 5.2.x — not just 5.x.

python-pptx is a Python library for creating and updating PowerPoint (.pptx) files: https://python-pptx.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

For adding voice-enabled capabilities to the Amazon Echo

The Amazon Echo is a Virtual Personal Assistant produced by Amazon

SVGZ is the standard way to refer to an SVG image that has been compressed using the Gzip compression algorithm.

Laragon is a set of bundled development tools based on Apache, PHP, and MySQL or MariaDB that runs on Windows.

Grunt task to run nodemon (no more actively maintened)

bower register <my-package-name> <git-endpoint> is bower CLI command to register a module/package.

Use this tag for any question related to "Angular Material" design.

For questions referencing Angular2 Template Syntax including: interpolation, input(property) bindings, output(event) bindings, two-way binding, local variables, star syntax, etc.

NULL

Use for any question relating to flag-go, a golang package for working with command line flags.

Use for questions regarding pflag-go, a drop-in replacement for flag-go, the golang package for working with command line flags.

xml2 is a package in R authored that provides an alternative to the previous XML package. It tries to be simpler

GSON (A Java serialization library to convert Java Objects into JSON and back) to fetch and parse JSON into Java Models for Android

NULL

Open Source Routing Machine is a high performance routing engine written in C++11 designed to run on OpenStreetMap data.

Manjaro is a user-friendly GNU/Linux distribution based on the independently developed Arch Linux.

Flow is a web application framework developed in PHP, created to support Neos, a next generation content management system.

This Qt object helps executing pure Android Java code using a C++ syntax.

Neos is a next-generation open source content management system.

Using the Alexa Voice Service, you can develop a voice-powered UI to connected devices.

Related to [Apache CXF Fediz](https://cxf.apache.org/fediz.html)

NULL

Questions related to nginx location directive should use this tag.

The Jupyter Notebook is a web application that provides a frontend to many different languages and interactive shells such as IPython. Jupyter Notebook, unlike its predecessor IPython Notebook, supports many different languages and interactive shells in addition to Python and IPython.

Use this tag for questions about using reflection specifically on Android

Windows 8.1 Universal Store Apps

gcloud-java is a Google Cloud Platform client library for Java applications.

Business 2 Consumer feature of Microsoft Azure AD. Central location for all external users, with customizable policies to change the registration/login flow per application

Questions related to fedora release 23 should use this tag.

Let’s Encrypt is a free, automated, and open certificate authority provided by the Internet Security Research Group.

The TestNG Eclipse plug-in allows you to run your TestNG tests from Eclipse and easily monitor their execution and their output.

Questions related to php continuous integration should use this tag.

NULL

Questions related to BlueSpice.com should use this tag

Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 3 of Apple's Swift programming language (currently in beta). Use the tag [swift] for more general language questions, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch] etc for questions about developing on Apple platforms.

React.rb is a Ruby (Opal) ReactJS library wrapper for building user interfaces in pure Ruby. It uses a declarative paradigm that makes it easier to reason about your application and aims to be both efficient and flexible.

Hosted News feeds API that allows you to build scalable news feeds and activity streams

Use XMMP when talking about the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol itself without a specific implementation.

MakeGood is a continuous test runner to run unit tests on Eclipse PDT. - See more at: http://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/makegood-1#sthash.MzucbmnV.dpuf

Questions related to using the ionic command line interface to interact with ionic framework

A bundle for the Symfony 2-framework that allows you to schedule Symfony console command as server-side jobs.

Flask-Potion is a RESTful API framework for Flask and various Python ORMs

Prezto is a configuration framework for Zsh.

Densely packed decimal (DPD) is an 10-bit encoding for 3 decimal digits used by IEEE 754-2008 decimal floating point numbers

The Nexus 6P is an Android based Smartphone manufactured by HUAWEI. It was launched with Android 6.0 "Marshmallow".

A set of useful extensions to Ruby's String class. It is made up of three libraries: ActsAsUrl, Unidecoder, and StringExtensions.

CESU-8 is non-standard UNICODE character encoding format close to UTF-8 with the exception that the characters points above U+FFFF are represented with UNICODE surrogate pairs encoded as 16 bit characters. Officially UTF-8 should contain those characters directly without using surrogate pairs as intermediate encoding.

Sitecore Print Experience Manager (Sitecore PXM) is a Sitecore module which allows dynamic and personalized print document generation for a complete customer experience.

Morphlines is an open source framework that supports Hadoop, Flume and Spark applications that extract, transform, and load data into Apache Solr, Apache HBase, HDFS, etc.

This tag is intended to be used for questions involving the Lumenize library

sql.js is a port of SQLite to JavaScript

NULL

The RAGE engine (Rockstar Advance Game Engine) is the Proprietary game engine used by Rockstar Games. This tag is for questions relating to the engine.

A Q() object encapsulates a SQL expression in a Python object that can be used in database-related operations.

A UTM code is a simple code that you can attach to a custom URL in order to track a source, medium, and campaign name. This enables Google Analytics to tell you where searchers came from as well as what campaign directed them to you.

A simple library to create sliding menus that can be used in storyboards and support static cells.

Pony is an open-source, object-oriented, actor-model, capabilities-secure, high performance programming language. http://www.ponylang.org/

Waze (pronounced ways), formerly "Freemap", is a GPS-based geographical navigation application program for smartphones with GPS support and display screens which provides turn-by-turn information and user-submitted travel times and route details

The 5.3 release of the Unity game engine.

Django 1.10 is the current version of the Django framework, released August 2016. Please only use this tag if your question relates specifically to this version.&#xD;&#xA;

Clipboard.js is a modern approach to copy text to clipboard. It doesn't depend on Flash. It has no dependencies. And it's just 2kb gzipped.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

For questions about the use of the Google OAuth Client Library for .NET.&#xD;&#xA;

The `MessageChannel` interface of the Channel Messaging API allows us to create a new message channel and send data through it via its two `MessagePort` properties.

Swift Package Manager is a build tool and dependency manager for projects written in Swift. It is made by Apple and is open source.

Should relate to the jblas library (http://jblas.org/)

TensorBoard is a visualization suite for the TensorFlow library. It can be used to visualize the TensorFlow computation graph, plot quantitative metrics about the execution of the graph, and show additional data (e.g. images) that pass through it.

The hreflang attribute specifies the language of an HTML document.

Casandra is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache. Use this tag for a question specifically for version 2.2.

The Sitecore Mobile SDK is an extension designed to allow content from the Sitecore Experience Platform to be used across multiple native Mobile platforms using the Xamarin platform. Use this tag for questions relating to development with Sitecore Mobile SDK.

CDI-Unit is a JUnit 4 test runner that enables unit testing Java CDI applications.

wheezy.web is a lightweight, high performance, high concurrency WSGI web framework with the key features to build modern, efficient web

python library to plot Venn diagrams in matplotlib

The VVM (Visual Virtual Machine) language is a visual based, virtual computing environment that allows the student user to create a program, and then to actually view the execution of the program within the (virtual) CPU of the VVM machine.

NULL

Veins is an open source framework for running vehicular network simulations.

`currval` is used in Sybase SAP SQL Anywhere to get the current value of a database sequence. `CURRVAl` can only be used if `NEXTVAL` is called in the same connection/session.

pmock is a Python mocking framework that facilitate the creation of mock objects in the style of jMock.

General feature format is a file format used for describing genes and other features of DNA, RNA and protein sequences.

NULL

the API provided by the online art gallery and community DeviantArt.

iOS 9.2 was an update to iOS 9.1, the most recent version of iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices. This tag is specifically for questions regarding 9.2 specific fetures

Baobab is JavaScript persistent and optionally immutable data tree with cursors.

The Java Packager tool can be used to compile, package, sign, and deploy Java and JavaFX applications from the command line. It can be used as an alternative to an Ant task or building the applications in an IDE.

Appium is an open source test automation framework for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps.

Classify.js is a library that allows for cross browser and cross platform Object Oriented Javascript class definitions using classical inheritance patterns and namespaces behind the prototype syntax of javascript in an easy to use interface function.

Cross-platform, multi-language test automation framework. http://getgauge.io.

Spoon is an open-source library that enables you to transform and analyze Java source code.

For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.3. If your question applies to Ruby in general, use the tag [ruby].

webMethods (wM) flow language is simple yet powerful language lets you encapsulate a sequence of services within a single service and manage the flow of data among them

The general query log is a general record of what mysqld is doing.

PHP language version of Google App Engine

Visual Studio Team Services is a hosted Application Lifecycle Management solution from Microsoft which includes source control repositories (Git & TFVC), work item tracking, test case management, hosted automated builds, and more. It is based on Team Foundation Server but there are some differences with new cloud-only services. New features are delivered to the hosted version first and then come later to the Team Foundation Server product.

Slicers provide buttons that you can click to filter PivotTable data in Excel. In addition to quick filtering, slicers also indicate the current filtering state, which makes it easy to understand what exactly is shown in a filtered PivotTable report.

High-level, high-performance MongoDB client for R based on libmongoc and jsonlite.

Questions related to the redux-form library.

NetBeans IDE 8.1 provides out-of-the-box code analyzers and editors for working with the latest Java 8 technologies: Java SE 8, Java SE Embedded 8, and Java ME Embedded 8. The IDE also has a range of new tools for HTML5/JavaScript, in particular for Node.js, KnockoutJS, and AngularJS; enhancements that further improve its support for Maven and Java EE with PrimeFaces; and improvements to PHP and C/C++ support.

Agouti is a library for writing browser-based acceptance tests in Google Go.

A JSON Web Key is a JSON data structure that represents a cryptographic key.

an Android emulator for computer users

Completely Fair Scheduler (CFS) is the default CPU Linux scheduler

Instant Articles is a Facebook project which aims to improve articles pages load speed in mobile Facebook applications.

A proposed enhancement to the JVM (and therefore JDK) to improve runtime performance. The most visible axes of this proposal are value types and generics specialization; in particular, the latter would allow to declare a List<int> in Java which is not possible as of 2015.

Graphical frontend for the Git version control system.

LIFX (pronounced LIFE-X) is a WiFi enabled LED that's controllable via smart devices.

SQL Server Reporting Services 2014 provides a full range of ready-to-use tools and services to help you create, deploy, and manage reports for your organization. Reporting Services includes programming features that enable you to extend and customize your reporting functionality.

Android Studio is the official IDE for Android application development. In version 2.0 it is based on IntelliJ 14.

( in Quantitative Finance, AI, ML, ... ) A systematic approach to put a System-under-Test [ SuT ] into a state, where historical data ( a known part of both the evolution of inputs and the eco-system responses ) are used & fed into a SuT so as to review it's behaviour in-vitro ( as opposed to a forward-testing )

Version 4 of the StructureMap - Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2. It can be found at http://structuremap.net

( in Quantitative Finance, AI, ML, ... ) A forward-testing ( as opposed to back-testing ) is a systematic approach to review & validate a quality of a System-under-Test [ SuT ], observed indirectly by it's ability to "generalise" ( in contrast to an otherwise un-avoidable overfitting artefact coming from a use of a trivial penalty-function minimiser being used in a back-testing phase )

SCHED_DEADLINE is a scheduling class for resource-reservation real-time CPU scheduler in the Linux kernel ([see details](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SCHED_DEADLINE))

PREEMPT_RT is the real-time patch for the Linux kernel

AFNetworking is a networking library for iOS and Mac OS X. &#xD;&#xA;Cocoa pod link: https://cocoapods.org/pods/AFNetworking&#xD;&#xA;GitHub link: https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking

NULL

drawAtPoint is an UIImage method used to draw an image at the specified point using the custom composing options.This method draws the entire image in the current graphics context,respecting the image's orientation setting.

Tumblr's lightweight framework for building high-performance applications in Scala that require non-blocking network I/O.

PyExcelerate is a Python package for writing Excel-compatible XLSX spreadsheet files, with an emphasis on speed. It is not to be confused with the older pyExcelerator package.

Boomerang - SOAP & REST Client

changing the implementation of an existing selector in Objective-C.

Tag for topics regarding the AMD Accelerated Parallel Processing framework.

Angular 2 Routing is a feature under Angular 2 focusing on routing your users' requests to load different pages and components based on user action, It also provides feature to update the URL on the browser to reused to navigate directly inside your web app.

"shingle" is a synonym for word-nGrams in computational linguistics and probability

JStorm is a distributed and fault-tolerant realtime computation system

a set of client tools to use with Review Board.

NULL

Expandable table is a UI widget that his goal is to show extra secondary data in tables.

Questions regarding using Scikit Flow - a simplified interface for TensorFlow to help people get started on predictive analytics and data mining for deep learning. Recently integrated into the contributions section of TensorFlow and renamed to TensorFlow Learn.

APCu provides a user variable cache to PHP.

Android 6.0.1 is the successor of Android Marshmallow (6.0.0), released on 22.11.2015.

Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft. It has built in support for Sales, Marketing and Service. This tag is reserved for Dynamics CRM 2016.

Maven BOM (bill of materials) is a pattern for importing dependencies into your project.

Since 2012 a full integration from openCV 2.4.2 for iOS is available.

A pure python HDFS client.

MIKMIDI is an Objective-C MIDI library for iOS and OS X. It is useful for programmers writing Objective-C or Swift apps that do MIDI device communication, MIDI file recording, playback, MIDI synthesis, etc.. Use this tag for questions related to the use of MIKMIDI.

Zend Thread Safety is a Thread-safe PHP interpreter for use with the Apache HTTP Server.&#xD;&#xA;

Use for questions about use of or contribution to the LaravelCollective; a collection of Laravel components such as Annotations, Html, Form, SSH, that have been removed from the core Laravel framework.

PCRE.NET is a .NET wrapper for the PCRE library.

SimpleCRUD provides simple CRUD helpers for Dapper.

Google Cloud SDK contains tools and libraries that enable you to easily create and manage resources on Google Cloud Platform, including App Engine, Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, BigQuery, Cloud SQL, and Cloud DNS.

The .tmLanguage TextMate language format describes language grammars, enabling text editors like TextMate and Sublime Text to provide syntax highlighting.

The Idea APIs provided by Ideamart make it easy for an application to access Dialog Axiata network services like sending SMSs, invoking a USSD menu or making an In-app purchase through carrier billing.

OAuth is an open authorization framework, which can be used to authenticate a user against an OAuth provider on third party websites without exposing the credentials to the third party

primarily used when the meteor application is created using meteorkitchen and the question is related to using meteor-kitchen. http://www.meteorkitchen.com/examples

a browser games hosting website featuring an API for high scores and achievement badges.

The Edge.js project enables you to run Node.js and .NET code in one process

Retrofit2 is the second version of type-safe REST client Retrofit for Android and Java.

This tag is for questions about clocks and timing in pygame.

A mobile application by Adobe Phonegap that allows developers to test their applications directly on their phones.

Template 10 is a set of Visual Studio project templates intended for Windows 10 UWP XAML apps written in C#.

Simple and rapid application development framework, built on top of Flask. includes detailed security, auto CRUD generation for your models, google charts and much more. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/dpgaspar/Flask-AppBuilder

Lattice Diamond is Lattice synthesis tool for newer devices.

React package for working with the DOM.

By default, any dependencies of the package are installed into the global or user package databases. If you’re building several different packages that have incompatible dependencies, this can cause the build to fail. One way to avoid this problem is to build each package in an isolated environment (“sandbox”), with a sandbox-local package database. Because sandboxes are per-project, inconsistent dependencies can be simply disallowed.

OpenCV is an open source computer vision library, free for commercial and research use.

Use it to mark specific Cassandra questions that are involving a TimeUUID instead of a generic UUID.

A 16-bit MASM library and macros targeting the MS-DOS operating system.

Missing data imputation imputation is the process of replacing missing data with substituted, 'best guess', values. Because missing data can create problems for analyzing data and can lead to missing-data bias, imputation is seen as a way to avoid the problems associated with listwise deletion (ignoring all observations with any missing values).

Griddle is a simple grid component for use with React

Select2 gives you a customizable select box with support for searching, tagging, remote data sets, infinite scrolling, and many other highly useful options.

Use for questions about accessing to mdb files and accdb files using entity framework provider for MS Access (Jet)

Use for questions about accessing to mdb files and accdb files using entity framework provider for MS Access (Jet)

SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) is a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft. This version was released as part of SQL Server 2016.

This tag should be used for questions related to Sitecore Intranet Portal.

NULL

ANT Radio Service is a low powered wireless communication interface available on Android Devices. Most of Samsung and Sony Android Devices come with a built in ANT communication hardware.

A docker data volume is a specially-designated directory within one or more containers that bypasses the Union File System.

NULL

Jenkins supports the "master/slave" mode, where the workload of building projects are delegated to multiple "slave" nodes, allowing a single Jenkins installation to host a large number of projects, or to provide different environments needed for builds/tests.

Represents questions specific to AngularJS versions 1.5.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The primary theme for this release was to improve the upgrade path to Angular 2.&#xD;&#xA;In this release, features added that will enable developers to write Angular 1 applications that are closer to the way that applications are structured in Angular 2.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://angularjs.blogspot.co.il/2016/02/angular-150-ennoblement-facilitation.html

The language for stored procedures and functions used in SAP HANA

Exoskeleton is a faster and leaner Backbone for HTML5 apps.

Prism 6 is a fully open source version of the Prism guidance originally produced by Microsoft patterns & practices. The core team members were all part of the p&p team that developed Prism 1 through 5, and the effort has now been turned over to the open source community to keep it alive and thriving to support the .NET community.

htmlwidgets for R bring the best of JavaScript data visualization to R.

Meson is a build configuration system used to build C/C++, Java, Rust, Objective-C/C++, and Fortran projects. It uses a DSL to describe project targets. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;This tag is for questions about the meson build system and DSL syntax or usage.

This covers the interactive programming model supported by the C# interactive window in Visual Studio and the command line C# interactive compiler.

GridFTP is a high-performance, secure, reliable data transfer protocol optimized for high-bandwidth wide-area networks.

Use this tag for questions related to private subnets, i.e. subnets of a private network. A subnet is a part of a greater network/net.

This tag is for the purpose of asking questions about the differences between Python 2 and Python 3.

jazzy is a command-line utility that generates documentation for Swift or Objective-C.

Clojure based game library play-clj.

IBM Streams is an advanced analytic platform that allows user-developed applications to quickly ingest, analyze and correlate information as it arrives from thousands of data stream sources. The solution can handle very high data throughput rates, up to millions of events or messages per second.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Source: http://www-03.ibm.com/software/products/en/ibm-streams

Android testing is based on JUnit. In general, a JUnit test is a method whose statements test a part of the application under test. Reference: http://developer.android.com/tools/testing/testing_android.html&#xD;&#xA;

Google's assertion/proposition framework for testing.

twgl.js is a library for making WebGL less verbose

Questions about react-css-modules, a higher-order React component that abstracts CSS Modules integration.

Use this tag where the question specifically relates to new features, technical changes, code updates in ECMAScript 2015.

A simple user management script written in PHP/MySQL which allows you to easily add login protected areas of you website.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

NULL

dragend JS is a touch ready, full responsive, content swipe script. It's open source and it has no dependencies but you can use hammer.js for crossbrowser support of touch gestures.content swipe script http://stereobit.github.com/dragend/

JLine 2.x is an evolution of JLine 1.x, a Java library for handling console input. It is similar in functionality to BSD editline and GNU readline.

MetalKit is a framework that made its first appearance in iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan. It provides functions and classes intended to reduce the effort required to create a `Metal` application.

MongoDB driver: PHP Extension for Mongo DB

gtkmm is the official C++ interface for the popular GUI library GTK+.&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag for questions specifically targeted to version 3

A powerful Clojure web library, full HTTP, full async&#xD;&#xA;

NULL

mbsync - synchronize IMAP4 and Maildir mailboxes

Secure User Plane Location (SUPL) is an IP based protocol for Assisted GPS to receive information of GPS satellites quickly via IP instead of slowly receiving (50 bit/s) over GPS satellite signaling.

Secure User Plane Location (SUPL) is an IP based protocol for Assisted GPS to receive information of GPS satellites quickly via IP instead of slowly receiving (50 bit/s) over GPS satellite signaling.

Laravel's events provides a simple observer implementation, allowing you to subscribe and listen for events in your application.

C#

MonetDBLite is an embedded version of MonetDB, a relational database with a SQL interface. MonetDB uses a columnar storage model and is most suited for analytical workloads. Currently, MonetDBLite is available for R. Details: https://www.monetdb.org/blog/monetdblite-r

NULL

3DR - Drone & UAV Technology

Taiga is an Open Source project management platform for agile developers & designers.

an Android library to allow for an expanded view to be attached to each ViewHolder.

CSScritic is a lightweight tool for regression testing of Cascading Style Sheets.

Scheduler is a new feature in Laravel 5 designed to simplify tasks that need to be scheduled. All that is required is setting up one cron job that calls php artisan schedule:run and have it run every minute.

A blanket term to refer to legislation and projects initiated by the Chinese government that attempt to regulate and censor parts of the internet in Mainland China.

ReactJS testing utility

For questions directly related to the use of the Http service in angular2.

Glumpy is a Python library for producing scientific visualizations. It offers a high-level interface between OpenGL and numpy.

PypeR is a Python library that can be used to call R functions via PIPE

NULL

Apache TomEE 7 is the Java Enterprise Edition (JEE7) of Apache Tomcat that combines several Java enterprise projects. Use this tag to mark questions which clearly relate to TomEE versions >= 7.0.0-M1.&#xD;&#xA;

Web-Components-Tester is a unit-test harness that makes testing your Polymer Web components a breeze!&#xD;&#xA;

Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.5.2. For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag [apache-spark].

ShimmerCat is an edge web server thought specifically for modern web applications. Use this tag for questions related to the server.

A lightweight JavaScript library for creating particles

A robust, powerful, and very simple ORM android database library with annotation processing.

NULL

Cassandra Cluster Manager (CCM) is a tool to create and destroy Apache Cassandra clusters for testing purposes. Use this tag for specific question about the tool or questions about cluster created by the tool (that can differ from a production layout).

Is the fastest micro-orm extension for Dapper, built around essential features of the C# 6 / VB 14 that have finally raised the simplicity of raw SQL constructs to acceptable maintenance levels. These features leave no chance to mistypings or problems arising from db entity refactorings.

The bcp utility is used to import and export data from Microsoft® SQL Server™ databases to a data file in a user-specified format.

The bcp utility is used to export or import data from or SAP / Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise databases to a data file in a user-specified format.

pugjs is the Github organization which creates the "Pug" (previously known as "Jade") Node.js templating library.

Use this tag for questions about PSFTP, a PuTTY tool used to transfer files between computers over SSH.

A barebones, flexible jQuery popup plugin. Designed for developers, it's simple to use but very powerful.

CasperDatasets is a concise dataset modeling framework written in Java. The Casper Datasets framework allows a programmer to define a typed, n-dimensional dataset, and allows simple sorting, filtering, and aggregation operations.

Kitematic is an open source project built to simplify and streamline using Docker on a Mac

objgraph is a module for creating and visualizing Python object graphs. It can be used as a tool for debugging memory leaks.

The purpose of a RichTextBlockOverflow is to display content that does not fit in the bounds of a RichTextBlock or another RichTextBlockOverflow element. This element cannot have direct content; it must get its content from one of the aforementioned elements.&#xD;&#xA;Content includes formatted text, hyperlinks, inline images, and other rich content.

Abide is the form validation library built into Zurb Foundation

B-rep is the abbreviation for Boundary REPresentation, a method for representing shapes using their limits.

EnCase is a proprietary forensic software suite.

NULL

Orange offers a variety of APIs on developer.orange.com.&#xD;&#xA;Orange API is a collection of APIs that allow for interaction with Orange products and services. They have been developed by Orange, most are free to use.

bootstrap-datetimepicker is a datepicker widget by Eonasdan that uses Twitter's bootstrap library. For just a datepicker, see [tag:bootstrap-datepicker]

Use it for any question related to `deasync` module for NodeJS

JetBrains' commercial Database IDE.

Optunity is a library containing various optimizers for hyperparameter tuning.

An advanced query can be achieved through Data ► Sort & Filter ► Advanced. The command can reproduce SQL query-like results with both AND and/or OR criteria.

Algorithmically generated triangle art

questions concerning dangling commits or blobs. These are commits or without references that can be lost.

This is a utility for managing content in a database which stores&#xD;&#xA;content in JSON format.

OpenDDS is an open source C++ implementation of the Object Management Group (OMG) Data Distribution Service (DDS).

javax.el.PropertyNotFoundException is thrown when a property could not be found while evaluating a ValueExpression or MethodExpression.

FsLab is a collection of libraries for data-science. It provides a rapid development envi­ronment that lets you write advanced analysis with a few lines of production-quality code.

Calypso is the new WordPress.com front-end – a redesign of the WordPress dashboard using a single-page web application, powered by the WordPress.com REST API.&#xD;&#xA;

The Azure Active Directory (AAD or Azure AD) is an Active Directory in Microsoft's cloud.

a static content management system written in Python licensed under the BSD license.

pyre2 is a Python extension that wraps Google’s RE2 regular expression library.

Pint is a Python units library to perform calculations with physical quantities. Use this tag in conjunction with the [python] tag for specific programming questions using Pint.

A dialog plugin for Aurelia

Oracle’s cross-channel marketing solution for marketing to consumers, Oracle Responsys, empowers marketers to deliver more relevant, real-time interactions for users across email, mobile, display, social, and web experiences. This approach employs marketing automation through a centralized canvas to coordinate personalized interactions with a powerful, point-and-click interface. This helps marketers adapt—not just respond—to customer behavior.

Djangular is an integration package for wrapping django view methods in angularJS $http calls.

Use this tag when asking questions about the IBM Watson Visual Recognition

Restfuse is a java-based unit test library for Rest services. (http://developer.eclipsesource.com/restfuse/)

A markov random field (MRF) is an undirected graphical model.

Testing infrastructure for Apache Mesos frameworks

NULL

NULL

Spark Dataset is a strongly typed collection of objects mapped to a relational schema. It supports the similar optimizations to Spark DataFrames providing type-safe programming interface at the same time.

Simple cookie-based session middleware for Express.js framework.

ggtern is an R package to create ternary diagrams - it is an extension to ggplot2&#xD;&#xA;

for questions about the Clojure library "Buffy"

Amazon Cloud Drive is a web storage service from Amazon

The Qt Quick Extras module provides specialized controls for creating user interfaces. These QML types work in conjunction with Qt Quick and Qt Quick Controls.

Ansible Tower is a GUI and REST API for managing both cloud-based and traditional/hybrid Ansible deployments

CSCockpit (Customer Service Cockpit) is a Customer Service Module in Hybris that provides CSAs with easier and faster access to the information.

Tag for the C++ Mathematical Expression Library at http://www.partow.net/programming/exprtk/index.html

WildFly, formerly known as JBoss AS, or simply JBoss, is an application server authored by JBoss, now developed by Red Hat. WildFly is written in Java, and implements the Java Platform, Enterprise Edition (Java EE) specification. It runs on multiple platforms.&#xD;&#xA;WildFly is free and open-source software, subject to the requirements of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), version 2.1.

git untracked files or directories are files that are not in the git index.

NULL

Starvation is the indefinite postponement of a process because it requires some resource before it can run, but the resource, though available for allocation, is never allocated to this process.

A C++ testing framework to create fake mock objects.

This is a Node.js module to connect to VMware vCenter servers and/or ESXi hosts and perform operations using the vSphere Web Services API.

HdrHistogram supports the recording and analyzing of sampled data value counts across a configurable integer value range with configurable value precision within the range.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The recording isvery fast and garbage-free.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Please see https://github.com/HdrHistogram/HdrHistogram .

Line (styled "LINE") is a proprietary application for instant communications on electronic devices such as smartphones, tablet computers and personal computers. Line users exchange texts, images, video and audio, and conduct free VoIP conversations and video conferences. Line was designed by 15 members of NHN Japan. Use this tag to ask questions about Line-API.

NULL

Lumen 5.2 uses the 5.2 family of Laravel components, as well as introduces some significant changes to Lumen's underlying philosophy and purpose. It has been released on 7th January 2016. Use it in addition to the [tag:lumen] tag in questions specific to Lumen 5.2.

a Node.js module for multi-core network serving.

Fusion 360 is an Autodesk software for 3D CAD, CAM, and CAE. It connects the entire product development process in a single cloud-based platform that works on both Mac and PC. It's also customizable via API (Python, JavaScript, C++)

a MySQL utility for comparing databases

The SML/NJ Compilation Manager (CM)

The fourth version of RAC. ReactiveCocoa (RAC) is a Cocoa framework inspired by Functional Reactive Programming. It provides APIs for composing and transforming streams of values over time.

Liquibase plugin for Hibernate that lets this be configured as a comparison database for Liquibase commands.

TYPO3 is a free and open source web content management system written in PHP. It is released under the GNU General Public License.

Physical Interface Device

OkHttp 3 is a major release focused on API simplicity and consistency.

jObjectFormatter is a simple, configuratble toString builder for Java. Use it to print human-readable or machine-readable representations of objects, e.g. for logging. Use this tag for questions referring to the jObjectFormatter library, implementing toString with jObjectFormatter or formatting objects with jObjectFormatter without implementing toString.

Built.io Backend is a backend-as-a-service platform. In other words, it helps you create apps quickly and effortlessly, taking care of all the backend requirements.

Built.io Flow is a cloud integration platform that helps you connect anything with an API. It allows organizations to quickly create, orchestrate, and automate workflows that deliver tangible business value.

a CSS3 Box Model property that specifies whether or not an element's border and padding are included in its height and width

a framework for logging and managing application exceptions

Spark Framework - A tiny Java web framework. Use this tag for Spark framework related questions. &#xD;&#xA;Spark is a free and open-source software web application framework and domain-specific language written in Java. This is not for Apache Spark, this is for a web application framework.

ember-data-url-templates is an ember addon that allows building urls with url templates

The Caché Studio lets you create and edit Caché ObjectScript routines in any namespace on your system.

InterSystems Zen is an application framework for quickly creating data-rich Web applications that is included with Cache and Ensemble.

Octane SDK is a development kit created by Impinj for operating their RFID equipment

Shellcheck refers to the ShellCheck program.

Questions related specifically to Jackrabbit Oak, as opposed to generic Jackrabbit questions.

SFML is a Simple and Fast Multimedia Library.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;JSFML is the official Java binding to SFML and provides a powerful, yet simple, high-level Java API for OpenGL graphics, OpenAL audio and input.

NULL

org.apache.catalina.LifecycleException indicates a lifecycle related problem.

Google's Material Design in XAML & WPF, for C# & VB.Net.

Nixpkgs is the collection of packages available via Nix package manager.

jBox is a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to create customizable tooltips, modal windows, image galleries and more.

Precision Time Protocol (PTP) daemon

Frontera is a framework implementation of a crawl frontier. Designed with Scrapy in mind, but applicable to any web crawling project.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Frontera takes care of the logic and policies to follow during the crawl. It stores and prioritises links extracted by the crawler to decide which pages to visit next.

EmEditor is a fast, lightweight, yet extensible, easy-to-use text editor for Windows.

A NestedScrollView is just like a ScrollView, but it supports acting as both a nested scrolling parent as well as a child. It works this way on both new and old versions of Android. Nested scrolling is enabled by default.

Streaming JSON loading for Node and browsers

NULL

NULL

Caffeine is an open source cache for Java 8 and above. It offers a near optimal hit rate, excellent concurrent performance, and a variety of features packed into a simple API.

Nexus is a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet, Docker registries and other binary artifact repositories. Repository managers serve two purposes: they act as highly configurable proxies between your organization and the public repositories and they also provide an organization with a deployment destination for your internally generated artifacts.

This tag is for the Ruby tools Sass precompiler used together with the Rails web framework.

Use on topics covering the use of Gradle to build Scala projects.

A minimal Django app that implements Device models that can send messages through APNS and GCM.

A Shader Storage Buffer Object (SSBO) is an indexed Buffer Object available since OpenGL 4.3.&#xD;&#xA;It can be used to read/write arbitrarily structured data from shaders.

Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Titanium SDK for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript. Please always include the "appcelerator" tag as well and do not use the ambiguous "titanium" tag.

Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's 'Alloy' MVC. This is part of the Appcelerator Titanium SDK for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Be sure to include the "appcelerator" part of the tag: "alloy" refers to a different tag.

Use for questions related to Appcelerator Studio IDE for developing Native Mobile Apps and APIs using JavaScript. Please always include the "appcelerator" tag as well.

The 5th version of the reactive extensions for javascript.

Progress indicator for your page load and ajax navigation.

Ansible is a radically simple IT automation platform that makes your applications and systems easier to deploy. Avoid writing scripts or custom code to deploy and update your applications— automate in a language that approaches plain English, using SSH, with no agents to install on remote systems

pyjks is a pure python jks file parser.

Apache Camel ™ is a versatile open-source integration framework based on known Enterprise Integration Patterns.

Drombler FX - the modular application framework for JavaFX

hmmlearn is a scikit-learn offspring implementing unsupervised learning and inference in Hidden Markov Models.

Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Hyperloop solution to access any (3P) API for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript. Please always include the "appcelerator" tag as well and do not use the "hyperloop" tag which is something else.

Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Hyperloop solution to access any (3P) API for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript. Please always include the "appcelerator" tag as well and do not use the "hyperloop" tag which is something else.

Appcellerator's compiler which converts a custom version of Javascript (a.k.a. HJS) into native code.

Cray pointers are a common non-standard extension to Fortran before introducing standard pointers in Fortran 90.

pretender.js is a mock server library.

FatFs is a generic FAT file system module for small embedded systems.

ObjectPath can be considered a full-featured expression language. ObjectPath is a query language similar to XPath or JSONPath, but much more powerful thanks to embedded arithmetic calculations, comparison mechanisms and built-in functions. This makes the language more like SQL in terms of expressiveness, but it works over JSON documents rather than relations.

Questions about Cascade Framework, a CSS framework design for websites and web applications.

NULL

Pweave is a Python library for creating documents that capture the results of Python computations. http://mpastell.com/pweave

Echoprint is an open source music identification system that allows anyone to build music fingerprinting into their application. It is powered by The Echo Nest.

Abstraction of patterns in the pattern matching sense

Cloud9 combines a powerful online code editor with a full Ubuntu workspace in the cloud

React Components for internationalization. Combines react components with FormatJS.

Tripadvisor is a review website for hotels restaurants and so on. It has some API interfaces that permit code to interface with its database. Use this tag for questions relating to interfacing with Tripadvisor.

NULL

NULL

Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's CLI to create and build Titanium apps and Arrow APIs.

ClojureScript library to build rich applications that need complex data synchronized with the server (single page applications).

A BK-tree is a metric tree specifically adapted to discrete metric spaces.

Hessian matrix is an N x N matrix containing second partial derivatives of a function with respect to its input variables.

is for programming questions about the DuckDuckGo search engine

Is a JAXB plugin that applies @XmlElementWrapper annotation while removing unnecessary collection wrappers.

Azure IoT Hub is a fully managed Microsoft service that enables reliable and secure bi-directional communications between millions of IoT devices and a solution backend.

APIs deliver data and information to apps, enabling innovative businesses to transform themselves. IBM API Management enables API owners to define, secure, control, and publish APIs to developer communities, as well as to analyze API usage.

Python wrapper allowing packet parsing using wireshark dissectors. This package allows parsing from a capture file or a live capture, using all installed wireshark dissectors.

Taxamo's platform enables e-service providers to outsource the development and maintenance of the EU VAT compliance.

Tableau Public is the free-to-use version of Tableau, with some features limitation. Data for Tableau Public is hosted on the cloud and is public.

cJSON aims to be the dumbest possible parser that you can get your job done with. It's a single file of C, and a single header file.

django-hvad provides a high level API to maintain multilingual content in your database using the Django ORM.

Simple Django model translation

The if–then construct (sometimes called if–then–else) is common across many programming languages. Although the syntax varies quite a bit from language to language, the basic structure (in pseudocode form) looks like this:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA; If (boolean condition) Then&#xD;&#xA;

CORB is a Java tool designed for bulk content-reprocessing of documents stored in MarkLogic.

MarkLogic Content Pump is an open-source, Java-based command-line tool (mlcp). mlcp provides the fastest way to import, export, and copy data to or from MarkLogic databases. It is designed for integration and automation in existing workflows and scripts.

Roxy is a cross-platform, multiple-environment utility for configuring and deploying MarkLogic applications. Using Roxy you can define your app servers, databases, forests, groups, tasks, etc. in local configuration files. Roxy can then remotely create, update, and remove those settings from the command line. Roxy also provides scaffolding to help you build REST API extensions.

MLPHP is a PHP API for MarkLogic that makes it easy to store documents, manage document metadata, and create sophisticated search queries on a web server running PHP (version 5.4 or greater). The PHP classes communicate with the MarkLogic via the MarkLogic REST API.

This is the SonarQube 5.3.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the sonarqube tag if your question is specific to SonarQube 5.3.x — not just 5.x.

NTVS is a free, open source plugin that turns Visual Studio into a Node.js IDE. It is designed, developed, and supported by Microsoft and the community.

Haskell combinator library for defining and serving web services.

BanditCPP is a human friendly unit testing framework for C++11 http://banditcpp.org

NDJSON is a newline delimited JSON format.

NULL

Use this tag when discussing issues related to `pyexcel`, a Python package designed to provide a single API for working with various Excel-related file formats.

Ignition is an industrial software platform built for HMI, SCADA and MES applications developed by Inductive Automation (https://inductiveautomation.com/).&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag to ask specifically on the use of Ignition software to build the mentioned applications.

Filebeat is a lightweight, open source shipper for log file data. As the next-generation Logstash Forwarder, Filebeat tails logs and quickly sends this information to Logstash for further parsing and enrichment or to Elasticsearch for centralized storage and analysis.

Late join is the ability for a Low Latency Messaging receiver, on joining a new stream, to request a specified amount of data from the transmitter history buffer. It is not guaranteed that this data is present in the history buffer.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Pivot4J provides a common Java API for OLAP servers which can be used to build an analytical service frontend with pivot style GUI.

 A runbook is a routine compilation of procedures and operations that the system administrator or operator carries out. System administrators in IT departments and NOCs use runbooks as a reference.

ASP.NET Core is a lean, composable and cross-platform framework for building web and cloud applications. It is fully open source and available on GitHub, and is currently in version 1.0.0.

Accessibility Inspector is an app present in OSX which allows to inspect the accessibility attributes in an user interface.

Use for questions involving the API for the Reddit

Writer has all the features you need from a modern, full-featured word processing and desktop publishing tool. It's simple enough for a quick memo, but powerful enough to create complete books with contents, diagrams, indexes, and more. You're free to concentrate on your message, while Writer makes it look great.

java.lang.ClassFormatError is thrown when the JVM attempts to read a class file and determines that the file is malformed or otherwise cannot be interpreted as a class file.

The Multicast DNS (mDNS) [RFC 6762] & DNS-Based Service Discovery (DNS-SD) [RFC 6763] in Java (mdnsjava) project is an extension of dnsjava (dnsjava.org) that implements Multicast DNS (mDNS) [RFC 6762] and DNS-Based Service Discovery (DNS-SD) [RFC 6763] in Java (aka. Bonjour in Java)&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Normalizr is a tool that normalizes deeply nested JSON API responses according to a schema for Flux and Redux apps. Use this tag for questions regarding the usage, structure, and creation of normalized objects made with normalizr.

Use this tag for questions related to the R googlesheets-package.

NULL

NULL

Version 3.1 of the grails Open Source web application framework that uses the Spring, Hibernate,

NULL

Used for questions about the JVM `class` format or instruction set.

ASP.NET Boilerplate is a starting point for new modern web applications using best practices and most popular tools. It's aimed to be a solid model, a general-purpose application framework and a project template. &#xD;&#xA;

NULL

nolearn contains a number of wrappers and abstractions around existing neural network libraries, most notably Lasagne, along with a few machine learning utility modules. All code is written to be compatible with scikit-learn.

NULL

Hanami is an open source web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.

Hanami::Router is a Rack compatible, lightweight and fast HTTP Router for Ruby and Hanami.

Hanami::Model is a persistence framework for Hanami.

A simple, unobtrusive jQuery plugin that provides auto-updating timeago text to your timestamped HTML elements using Moment.js

EBS is an online payment service provider in India

Related to the use of the MediaWiki API on Wikidata. Consider also the tags [wikidata] if your question isn't about the API or [mediawiki-api] if your question isn't about Wikidata.

A command-line tool that accepts a list of JavaScript source code files as arguments for working with Oracle Nashorn

Zend framework 3 is the new version of Zend Framework. It includes a reviewed version of the MVC components and it includes also Expressive, a new microframework for building PSR-7 middleware applications

IPython display machinery for R.

SimpleFileVisitor is a class with default implementation to visit all files and on error it will re-throw errors. Instead of implementing FileVisitor we can choose to extend SimpleFileVisitor and override only methods of our need.

SENNA is a neural network trained software, which outputs a host of Natural Language Processing (NLP) predictions: part-of-speech (POS) tags, chunking (CHK), name entity recognition (NER), semantic role labeling (SRL) and syntactic parsing (PSG).

Odometer is a Javascript and CSS library for smoothly transitioning numbers

jdbc is an input plugin for Logstash. You can use it to get data into logstash from any database that has a JDBC interface.

This tag refer to SpeechKit framework from Nuance Communications

vsftpd is a secure and fast FTP server for UNIX-like systems that is used on many large and critical Internet sites. Its rich feature set includes SSL encryption, IPv6, bandwidth throttling, PAM integration, virtual users, virtual IPs and per-user / per-IP configuration.

Use this tag for questions related to an application's scope, that determines which of its resources are available to other parts of the system.

Smartsupp is a live chat service with visitor recording

The MEF 2 framework as implemented in the System.Composition NuGet package: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.composition.aspx (not to be confused with the System.ComponentModel.Composition namespace)

Data GUI generator for Liferay entities

JasDB is a multi-platform noSQL-document-based database. Use this tag for programming questions related to JasDB.

Extend the default collapse behavior to create an accordion with the panel component.

A stream is a "smart branch" in Perforce. This is an alternative to the classical depot type that is using branch mapping to map files between the depot and the local file system.

SmartDeviceLink (SDL) is an open source platform for connecting smartphone apps to vehicles.

Used for CosmicMind projects - Material, Graph, and Algorithm. &#xD;&#xA;

A collection of backend services that allow you to build and scale iOS, Android, and Hybrid mobile applications. Services included are Push Notifications, Mobile Analytics, Mobile App Builder, Mobile Client Access, Bluemix Mobile Dashboard and Mobile Quality Assurance, which enable you to; manage push notification subscriptions, generate mobile apps, authenticate users, monitor app performance, capture live-user experiences, and view quality metrics

Deeplearning4j is commercial-grade, open-source, distributed deep-learning library written for Java and Scala. Integrated with Hadoop and Spark, DL4J is designed to be used in business environments, rather than as a research tool.

IPython widgets for the Jupyter Notebook

Implements Zones for JavaScript

The Java Persistence API (JPA) is a Java specification for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects / classes and a relational database. JPA was defined as part of the EJB 3.0 specification as a replacement for the EJB 2 CMP Entity Beans specification.

Protractor is an end-to-end test framework for AngularJS applications. Protractor runs tests against your application running in a real browser, interacting with it as a user would.

The Element.scrollIntoView() method scrolls the current element into the visible area of the browser window.

Questions about the i18n-tasks Ruby Gem.

Actuators convert signals into physical stimuli, which can be perceived by humans or other systems. They let the system emit information into the physical world.

ArrowDB provides a set of REST APIs for creating, managing, and accessing data in the cloud.

Go binding to ImageMagick's MagickWand C API

ConceptNet is a semantic network containing lots of things computers should know about the world, especially when understanding text written by people.

ASP.NET 5 is now ASP.NET Core 1.0

SuiteCommerce is a NetSuite technology that enables businesses to build multi-channel, multi-location business from ecommerce, POS and order management to merchandising, marketing, inventory, financials and customer service.

Bzt (BlazeMeter) is a program like JMeter that is used to automate web server load testing by generating a load of multiple users making simultaneous HTTP requests.

ClearOS (formerly named ClarkConnect) is a Linux distribution, based on CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux,[4] designed for use in small and medium enterprises as a network gateway and network server with a web-based administration interface

Helicon Ape by Helicon Tech provides support for Apache .htaccess and .htpasswd configuration files in Microsoft IIS.

ADO CommandText Property

WSO2 Microservices Server is a lightweight high performance runtime for hosting microservices.

The NUnitTestAdapter extension works with the Visual Studio Unit Test window to allow integrated test execution under Visual Studio 2012, 2013 and 2015

API Cluster is endpoint JS library.

Crypto Token Kit (CryptoTokenKit.framework). The Crypto Token Kit framework provides native support for smart cards

Apache SAMOA is a distributed streaming machine learning (ML) framework that contains a programing abstraction for distributed streaming ML algorithms.

Wyam is a highly modular and extremely configurable static content generator and toolkit.

Low Level Reader Protocol

NULL

asar - Atom-Shell Archive&#xD;&#xA;Simple extensive tar-like archive format with indexing

Adapt Framework&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Adapt is a free and easy to use framework and authoring tool that creates fully responsive, multi-device, HTML5 e-learning content.

GNU Emacs Web Browser

GNU emacs elisp Simple HTML Renderer&#xD;&#xA;

Yeti Launch is a Sass build tool created by Zurb.

ironNode is a powerful open source cross platform JavaScript debugger running on Linux, OS X and Windows for Node.js to fix issues efficiently and debug code less painful. It is easy to use, fast and stable. Many people use ironNode to debug Express.js Applications, Grunt and Gulp Tasks, Mocha testsuites and much more.

The latest version of C#, currently under review.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Used in reference to the Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource nuget library, which is the 'out-of-band' version of System.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource

MoEngage is a User Engagement & App Analytics platform helping mobile marketers engage users smartly through personalized interactions

Use for questions about pgBadger, a log analyzer for PostgreSQL.

npm init is the command used to create a package.json for new modules.

Guiders.js is a library for adding guiders to websites

A face is an elementary surface geometry. Faces are used in 3D modelling to define meshes

ng2-bootstrap is an angular2 library for using bootstrap3 or bootstrap4 with angular2

Parse Server is an open source version of the Parse backend that can be deployed to any infrastructure that can run Node.js.

SMING is an open source framework for high efficiency native ESP8266 development.

A comprehensive Clojure client for the entire Amazon AWS api.

Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Arrow family: Arrow Builder, an opinionated API framework and Arrow Cloud for Scalable Cloud Services & Notifications.

Hopper is a tool that will assist you in your static analysis of executable files.

Intershop 7 is a Java based omni-channel e-commerce solution for B2C and B2B businesses. Formerly known as Enfinity.

Serverless Framework – Build and maintain web, mobile and IoT applications running on AWS Lambda and API Gateway (Google Cloud Functions and Azure Functions support, coming soon)

ButterFaces is a lightweight JSF framework that combines the advantages from Bootstrap, jQuery and HTML 5 to develop fast, easy and modern web applications using JSF 2.

Lisp/Hiccup style templating for Facebook's React in ClojureScript.&#xD;&#xA;

DO-178B is a guideline for the safety of safety-critical software

NULL

Use for questions about PSReadLine, an alternative command line editor for PowerShell.

A Feature Toggle is a method for turning off a feature a programmer is working on, therefore avoiding the need for a feature branch. It is also called a feature bit, flag, flipper or switch.

PAYFORT is an Online Payment Gateway

A dependency in Maven is a required external library the project depends upon to build and run correctly.

Use for questions related to the Autolinker.js library.

DHC by Restlet is designed and developed by developers for developers to make direct HTTP/REST resource discovery, manipulation and automated API testing easier.

[Execline](http://skarnet.org/software/execline/), according to its website, is &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;>

7th Version of MarkLogic - An Enterprise NoSQL Database

Pmw is a toolkit for building high-level compound widgets, or megawidgets, constructed using other widgets as component parts. It promotes consistent look and feel within and between graphical applications, is highly configurable to your needs and is easy to use.

angular2-meteor is an angular2 component which acts as the bridge between angular2 and meteor. It helps your angular2 project to properly utilize meteor backend

NULL

EO.WebBrowser is a web browser engine developed based on Google Chrome.

Many Git commands take revision parameters as arguments. Depending on the command, they denote a specific commit or, for commands which walk the revision graph (such as git-log(1)), all commits which can be reached from that commit. In the latter case one can also specify a range of revisions explicitly.&#xD;&#xA;In addition, some Git commands (such as git-show(1)) also take revision parameters which denote other objects than commits, e.g. blobs ("files").

InversifyJS is a lightweight IoC container written in TypeScript.

DreemGL is an open source toolkit for prototyping GPU-accelerated multi-screen experiences with IoT integration for smart environments. DreemGL applications are written in JavaScript, which can be run both client-side (web browser) or server-side (node.js). DreemGL applications are multi-screen by default, with APIs for IoT integration.

Rabbus is a highly opinionated, yet minimal library for Node.js and RabbitMQ. It provides many common pattern implementations, such as request/response, send/receive and publish/subscribe, as well as a middleware feature that allows easy extension and customization of messaging.

Questions about Input Iterators (as a concept), in particular in C++.

Asynchronous Redis client for the Tornado Web Server

NULL

Windows 7 feature to create rules to allow or deny applications from running

Bootstrap 4 is the fourth major version of the popular Web front-end (HTML, CSS, and JS) framework that aids in the creation of responsive, mobile-first websites and web apps.

This is collection of classes which provides all the services related to Google spreadsheet apps scripts. We can use with google-apps-scripts on spreadsheet questions

full disk encryption feature included with select editions of Windows Vista and later

Certificate Manage is an offering by Amazon Web Services. It lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) certificates for use with AWS services.

NULL

K2 SmartObjects are business entities that aggregate data across applications and line of business systems. The purpose of designing and using SmartObjects is not to create a secondary storage to replicate the data in other systems, but to provide a way to work with the information as it exists within the respective systems.

This tag should be used for questions about image resolution.

The Apache Tez™ project is aimed at building an application framework which allows for a complex directed-acyclic-graph of tasks for processing data. It is currently built atop Apache Hadoop YARN.

A geometry class used in the WebGL framework Three.js to increase performance.

This tag is for questions about using libopencm3 library. This includes coding using libopencm3 library and library code itself.

flexible, lightweight, managed application runtime that helps you build applications in java

Kite is a high-level data layer for Hadoop. It is an API and a set of tools that speed up development. You configure how Kite stores your data in Hadoop, instead of building and maintaining that infrastructure yourself.

generic non-JVM producer and consumer for Apache Kafka 0.8

Asynchronous execution in spring for Java.

iOS 9.2.1 was an update to iOS 9.2, the most recent version of iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices. This tag is specifically for questions regarding 9.2.1 specific fetures

XML External Entity (XXE)

Shading refers to depicting depth perception in 3D models or illustrations by varying levels of darkness.

Python-nvd3 is a pythonic wrapper around the JS library nvd3. It allows you to create dynamic graphs with Python, rendering them to JS.

CSVfix is a command-line stream editor specifically designed to deal with CSV data http://neilb.bitbucket.org/csvfix/manual/csvfix16/csvfix.html

EKEKO is a Clojure library for applicative logic meta-programming against an Eclipse workspace. EKEKO has been applied successfully to answering program queries (e.g., “does this bug pattern occur in my code?”), to analyzing project corpora (e.g., “how often does this API usage pattern occur in this corpus?”), and to transforming programs (e.g., “change occurrences of this pattern as follows”) in a declarative manner.

NULL

A C# Hierarchical State Machine.

ZScript is ZBrush’s built-in scripting language. It provides a way to automate common or repetitive tasks as well as add new functionality to ZBrush. It’s the language behind zscript recordings, tutorials, macros and plugins.

redux-saga is a library that aims to make side effects in React/Redux applications easier and better.

Use this tag for questions relevant to HDFS client, written in Python.

In Key-Value Coding (KVC), Collection Operators can simplify how specific data is retrieved from Objective-C collections.

Google Cloud Vision API enables developers to understand the content of an image by encapsulating powerful machine learning models in an easy to use REST API.

NULL

Active Deploy is a service built in IBM Bluemix. A devops service, this can deploy a newer version of application on Bluemix with zero downtime.Supports rollback as well.

A system for automating the delivery of software that can include build automation and continuous integration; test automation; and deployment automation.

scss-lint is a tool to help keep your SCSS files clean and readable. This tag should be used only in case of problems with the tool itself and not in case of SASS / SCSS problems

NULL

Webapp runner is designed to allow you to launch an exploded or compressed war that is on your filesystem into a tomcat container with a simple java -jar command. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;See https://github.com/jsimone/webapp-runner for details and jars.

Houndify is a platform to allow anyone to add smart, voice enabled, conversational interfaces to anything with an internet connection.

Rubberduck is an open-source COM add-in project for the VBA IDE written in C#

NULL

Scala avro schema generation and serialization/deserialization.&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/sksamuel/avro4s

Encode a set of form elements as a string for submission

Pythran is a Python-subset-to-C++-transcompiler, geared towards speeding up scientific programs by using available processor-level parallelism.

Spring Cloud Stream allows a user to develop and run messaging microservices using Spring Integration and run them locally, or in the cloud, or even on Spring Cloud Data Flow. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Just add @EnableBinding and run your app as a Spring Boot app (single application context). You just need to connect to the physical broker for the bus, which is automatic if the relevant bus implementation is available on the classpath.

An instantiation error occurs in Prolog when an argument is insufficiently instantiated. It is frequently encountered with (is)/2 and the built-ins for arithmetical comparison like (>)/2 and (=:=)/2 that all expect variable free expressions.

rspec-mocks is the part of the RSpec testing framework that provides test doubles: stubs, mocks and spies.

The Interface Segregation Principle in object-oriented design, one of the SOLID principles.

The Dependency Inversion Principle in object-oriented programming, one of the SOLID principles. Not to be confused with Density Independent Pixel.&#xD;&#xA;

Meant to tag Codename One iOS VM low level issues/capabilities and usage of ParparVM that isn't necessarily related to Codename One

musicg is Lightweight Java API for audio analysing, Android compatible

ngrx provides a set of libraries for reactive programming in Angular 2 applications.

Use this tag for any question related to open source `marked` project

A Photographic mosaic is a replica of an existing image created from thumbnails. The color of a covering thumbnail should resemble the color of the covered pixels in the original image.

Windows App Certification Kit: Before you submit your app for certification and listing in the Windows Store, use the Windows App Certification Kit to test your app and make sure it's ready to go.

Diawi is a platform that allows developers to upload IPA files to enable easy distribution to clients or other users.

Blazegraph is an open-source RDF/graph database capable of clustered deployment. This tag is specific for questions on the database API. RDF and SPARQL are often related technologies.

The chart module used by Struts2 jQuery.

Liferay is an open source Java portal and social platform. The 7th version is released in 2016.

NULL

DreamFactory is an open source REST API backend for mobile, web, and IoT applications.

A jQuery Table of Contents plugin that can be themed with Twitter Bootstrap or jQueryUI

Official React bindings for Redux

Writing and running functional tests for Flash with Selenium.

NetSuite's SOAP-based web services API

The Spring Data KeyValue provides out of the box support for java.util.Map based repository implementations. Additionally it provides infrastructure components to build repository abstractions for stores dealing with Key/Value pairs.

Use this tag for questions related to the Python package named HDFS.

Library for automated tests in Android

A design pattern in which objects are created by copying a prototypical instance. One of the Gang of Four's creational design patterns.

A Swift Autolayout DSL for iOS & OS X

PEP 3118 is the Revised Buffer Protocol for the [tag:python] C-API.

OpenID Connect Provider and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server Framework based on ASP.NET Core

Questions related to deleting entities using HQL in hibernate, NHibernate and its derivatives.

jsdoc2md generates markdown documentation from jsdoc annotated source code. Useful for injecting API docs into project README files.

(synonym for charniak-parser tag -- see https://pypi.python.org/pypi/bllipparser and https://github.com/BLLIP/bllip-parser)

The `random` package within `numpy` deals with generating numbers or symbols according to well-known probability functions.

A complete AngularJS directive for the Arshaw FullCalendar.

Questions about Injekt, a native Kotlin dependency injection library using an object registry style pattern.

jest-webpack-alias is the officially recommended solution for Facebook's jest test system.

Google Knowledge Graph is the semantic knowledge graph used by Google to enhance search results.

The Angular CLI is a command line interface for building, managing and deploying angular 2 applications.

an Apache Cordova plugin enabling native iOS/Android UI and native Objective-C/Java code to be leveraged from the app's HTML and JavaScript.

Vtiger CRM refers to both cloud and open source versions of the CRM application offered by the company Vtiger. Vtiger's open source CRM application was originally forked from SugarCRM with the intention of being a fully open source CRM application with comparable functionality to SugarCRM and Salesforce.com.

Use this tag for questions about Qualcomm´s FastCV computer vision library.

ONGR (http://ongr.io) is a free and open platform for scaling online business models, built by successful entrepeneurs for successful entrepreneurs. This tag is for questions regarding their various components.

NULL

Atlasboard is a free tool created by Atlassian for creating "information radiators" -- live-updating, scalable dashboards monitoring various things.

cssnext is a plugin for PostCSS that modernizes CSS syntax. It transforms modern CSS into CSS compatible with older browsers.

A

TerriaJS is a library for building rich, web-based geospatial data explorers

With OpenWebRTC you can build native WebRTC apps that communicate with browsers that supports the WebRTC standard

PrestaShop 1.7 is the latest still in development version of the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, Symfony, with Smarty and Twig templating engines, and MySQL.

Django reCAPTCHA is an integration of google reCAPTCHA with Django to be used as a field and a widget. It uses a modified version of the Python reCAPTCHA client.

For use of questions about the .NET Core command line tool-chain. This does not relate to dnx, dvnm, dnu or any of the previous tools build with .NET Core.

The IBM® Connect & Compose for Bluemix® service provides you with two sets of capability to create APIs. You can create an API to connect to Bluemix, on-premises, and cloud data. Or, you can compose complex APIs by using a flow editor to link nodes and APIs together.

NULL

MakePDF provides MS Windows users with a GUI and command-line environment for converting Postscript files to PDF.

For questions involving the stamps.com API.

Scribe.js is a lightweight NodeJS Logging library. Unlike many of the libraries out there, Scribe.js allows logging on multiple files and is divided into folders by date.

The LexikJWTAuthenticationBundle provides authentication via Json Web Token for Symfony2+ REST API .

The Interpreter pattern implements a specialized language. It is one of the Gang of Four's behavioral design patterns.

A sane, scalable, managed CSS architecture for large UI projects.

For questions related to MongoDB's oplog.

MongoDB's replica set uses redundant nodes to provide a high availability and resilience against network partitions of the primary node.

EventBus is an open-source library for Android using the publisher/subscriber pattern to solve the problem of loose coupling. EventBus enables central communication to decoupled classes with just a few lines of code – simplifying the code, removing dependencies, and speeding up app development.

A jQuery plugin that assists scrolling and snaps to sections.

PircBot is a Java framework for writing IRC bots quickly and easily

For use when discussing Google web tools (GWT) material design

Handlebars.Net is a .NET-native implementation of the handlebars.js template library.

Freya is a functional-style web programming stack for F#.

Macaulay2 is a mathematical programming language particularly for algebraic geometry and commutative algebra.

Popmotion is a javascript library that helps create fluid and complex animations.

The Oracle.ManagedDataAccess is a data access namespace in ODP.Net which is used in contrast with Oracle.DataAccess. See more of its differences in http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E51173_01/win.122/e17732/intro004.htm#ODPNT8146 and the discussion for the performance differences in http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17583289/oracle-odp-net-managed-vs-unmanaged-driver and https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=I1q50HnUh_w

Container images are packages used to create Docker containers.

Htmllint is a tool to lint (check) html for potential issues. It is typically used as part of a build tool like Gulp or Grunt.

Shippable CI is a hosted continuous integration and continuous deployment product.

The NgFor directive instantiates a template once per item from an iterable.

Scout is a cross-platform app that runs Sass and Compass in a self-contained Ruby environment

A responsive CSS grid system

Maxmertkit is a Russian CSS framework based on a widget-modifier coding style.

UbikLoadPack is a set of Commercial Plugins for Apache JMeter supporting different protocols.

A responsive grid system for fixed & fluid layouts, built in SCSS/Compass

A customisable CSS file that makes browsers render all elements more consistently and in line with modern standards.

The Goldilocks Approach is an HTML5 boilerplate

An HTML5 and CSS3 boilerplate for making mobile first responsive, cross-browser websites

Unsemantic is the successor to the 960 Grid System.

A jQuery component that adds datagrid behaviors to HTML tables

The Golden Grid System is a grid system designed to be folded as the viewport decreases

Google Cloud Functions is a lightweight, event-based, asynchronous compute solution that allows you to create small, single-purpose functions that respond to cloud events without the need to manage a server or a runtime environment.&#xD;&#xA;

Toast is a css grid system

TIBCO BusinessWorks is an immensely powerful business process automation tool, enterprise integration product. It enables developers to create new services, model their business processes and integrate applications.

NULL

Azure Data Catalog is an enterprise-wide metadata catalog that makes data source discovery trivial.

Shield is a plugin for Elasticsearch that enables you to easily secure a cluster.

Otter is an Infrastructure as Code tool created by Inedo.

OtterScript is an interpreted Domain-Specific Language used to represent configuration/orchestration plans in Otter and deployment plans in BuildMaster.

node based file and directory archiving with streaming interface, modular plugins can enable other archive formats to be written simply.

gganimate is a package for R that allows to produce animated graphics with ggplot2. It is based on the animation package.

The unite or unite.vim plug-in can search and display information from arbitrary sources like files, buffers, recently used files or registers. You can run several pre-defined actions on a target displayed in the unite window. See more at https://github.com/Shougo/unite.vim

use it if you are using herbert plugin frame work to create plugin. Herbert is a plugin framework for WordPress.

Corner detection is an approach used within computer vision systems to extract certain kinds of features and infer the contents of an image. Corner detection is frequently used in motion detection, image registration, video tracking, image mosaicing, panorama stitching, 3D modelling and object recognition. Corner detection overlaps with the topic of interest point detection.

A JavaScript/HTML5 plugin who allow to potential customers to design their product

Questions related to using the Elixir language binding with IntelliJ

WSO2 Microservices Framework for Java (MSF4J) is a lightweight high performance framework for developing & running microservices.

Kapacitor is InfluxDB's native data processing, alerting and anomaly-detection engine.

nanoGALLERY is an image gallery plugin for jQuery

A jQuery plugin for modal boxes and popups

TZStackView is a replica of iOS 9's new UIStackView for use in iOS 7 and iOS 8

Use the Retrieve and Rank tag when the question is about the IBM Watson Retrieve and rank service.

Tubular is a jQuery plugin that allows you to set a YouTube video as your page background.

Microsoft Access 2016 is a database management system and application development tool.

Datedropper is a jQuery plugin for managing dates for input fields

Responsify is a jQuery plugin that makes images responsive

jQuery Mapael is a jQuery plugin that allows you to display dynamic vector maps

jQuery.my is a jQuery plugin for complex two-way data binding in real time

jQuery Soap is a jQuery plugin for communicating with a web service using SOAP

ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe. ColdFusion 2016 is the current release of CF released on February 15, 2016.

EarlGrey is an iOS UI Automation Test framework by Google. It's available on GitHub here: https://github.com/google/EarlGrey

interactive react charting components using the chart.js framework

Use this tag for questions related to the GMSPlacePicker class as provided in the Google Maps SDK for iOS.

A jQuery plugin for CSS animated page transitions

A jQuery plugin for adding infinite scroll on a website

Tabulous is a jQuery tabs plugin

Vivus is a JavaScript library for animating SVGs

NULL

For questions regarding the UI system of Unity game engine.

The IBM Swift Sandbox is an online tool that allows users to write, execute, and share Swift code. Users can use the Sandbox to write up solutions to Swift-related questions and post them as part of their answers, or use it to share their specific coding issues. It is recommended that this tag be used for questions that pertain specifically to how the Sandbox executes Swift code, and not for generic Swift questions that use the Sandbox as a reference.

A Ruby ORM for RethinkDB

Pressure.js is a JavaScript library for working with 3D Touch and Force Touch on the web.

IBM Security AppScan enhances web application security and mobile application security, improves application security program management and strengthens regulatory compliance.

NULL

Use for questions about or related to the design of packages (groupings) of units of code (e.g. classes), as opposed to the design of the units of code themselves or design patterns.

For anyone studying and developing for the Pep/8 virtual computer architecture used in the book Computer Systems by Stanley Warford

A CSS gid system, with support for LESS, SCSS as well as Stylus

a python package to let you access dicts as if they were objects

FrameLog is a free change logging library for Entity Framework

libtls is a high-level secure sockets API provided as part of the LibreSSL project

The Wiegand interface is a de facto wiring standard which arose from the popularity of Wiegand effect card readers in the 1980s

Grid Style Sheets which are a modernised version of CCSS for responsive design using grids

This is for the (Canadian) programming language named Turing.

NULL

NULL

The perl-ppm tag applies to questions about the installation of modules from the Perl Package Manager.

A gulp plugin to make file imports/includes easy.

Use to identify questions related to use of, or problems with, HelloSign's APIs.

Use this tag for questions about Eclipse Che which is an open source developer workspace server and cloud IDE.

Maps a request URL to the Struts2 action.

CUDA's Unified Virtual Addressing feature distinguishes the address spaces of the different GPUs on a system from the host memory space, so that

The time-of-check to time-of-use (TOCTTOU) problem is a class of race conditions where someone else can invalidate a condition after it was checked but before code that depends on the condition could execute.

freedom.js is a framework for building peer-to-peer (P2P) web apps.

a package for Julia Statistics. It is a pure-Julia package that enables calling R from Julia.

Relates to question targeting the SendBird chat and messaging service API.

An R package makes your pure functions purr by completing R's functional programming tools with important features from other languages, written by Hadley Wickham.

Spring Cloud Task allows a user to develop and run short lived microservices using Spring Cloud and run them locally, in the cloud, even on Spring Cloud Data Flow. Just add @EnableTask and run your app as a Spring Boot app (single application context).&#xD;&#xA;

Spring Cloud Data Flow is a cloud native programming and operating model for composable data microservices on a structured platform.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Spring Cloud Data Flow is the cloud native redesign of Spring XD that facilitates orchestration of applications across a variety of distributed runtime platforms including: Cloud Foundry, Apache YARN, Apache Mesos, and Kubernetes

λProlog is a logic programming language based on an intuitionistic fragment of Church's Simple Theory of Types, featuring polymorphic typing, modular programming, abstract datatypes, support for lambda-tree syntax, and higher-order programming.

Tag for the AppAuth library. Use in conjunction with a platform tag like `ios`.

Related to making use of the zopfli compression algorithm, for example to save bandwidth or storage space when distributing rarely-changing files.

NULL

jQuery.filer - Simple HTML5 file uploader, a plugin tool for jQuery which change completely file input and make it with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, different validations, thumbnails, icons, instant upload, print-screen upload and many other features and options.

Apache Beam (incubating) is an unified SDK for batch and stream processing. It allows to specify large-scale data processing workflows with a Beam specific DSL. Beam workflows can be executed on different runtime like Apache Flink, Apache Spark, or Google Cloud Dataflow (a cloud service).

Timber is an Android logging library created by Jake Wharton.

Dokka is a documentation generation engine for the Kotlin language, handling both JavaDoc and KDoc style documentation comments.

Apache Storm is an open source computation system that allows processing data streams in real time, in a reliable and distributed way.

Xcode7.3 is the latest IDE by Apple for the development of iOS, watchOS, tvOS and OS X applications. Use this tag for version specific questions about Xcode 7.3

.NET Runtime also known as Common Language Runtime (CLR), the virtual machine component of Microsoft's .NET framework, manages the execution of .NET programs.

A Windows based Smalltalk from Object Arts http://object-arts.com now open-sourced

Get-WmiObject is a powershell cmdlet that allows WML queries to be run against WMI objects on the local or remote computers.

A tweening / animation library for Javascript that's part of the CreateJS suite

Use this tag to ask questions about the cassandra-stress tool included with the DataStax Cassandra distribution.

Questions about the 3.2.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework. If your question applies to CakePHP in general, use the tag [cakephp].

MERN stands for Mongo, Express, React and NodeJS.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

vogels is a DynamoDB data mapper for node.js.

Filters allow you to limit and modify the data that is included in a view.

The xlsx library in R has capabilities for reading and writing Microsoft Excel files

CodeceptJS is a modern end to end testing framework with a special BDD-style syntax. The test is written as a linear scenario of user's action on a site.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The use of generator functions allows asynchronous tests to be written in synchronous way.

VelocityTools is an integrated collection of Velocity subprojects and infrastructure to easily, automatically and transparently make these tools available to Velocity templates.

For questions regarding MLDB, a machine learning database designed for machine learning over a RESTful API.

Conan is a portable package manager, intended for C and C++ developers, but it is able to manage builds from source, dependencies, and precompiled binaries for any language.

Api.ai provides developers with the power to add conversation to devices and applications through the Api.ai platform.

Use this tag for Cobbler, the Linux installation server that allows for rapid setup of network installation environments.

Model-mommy offers a smart way to create fixtures for testing in Django. With a simple API you can create many objects with a single line of code. Instead of building an exhaustive test setup with every possible combination ,it allows you to use objects customized for the current test, while only declaring the test-specific fields.

Aldeed Tabular is a Meteor package that creates reactive "DataTables" in an efficient way, allowing you to display the contents of enormous collections without impacting app performance.

Zend Framework 3 is a 5.6+ MVC framework and component library.

AudioInputStream is a class in the Java package javax.sound.sampled. It's used for reading raw audio data from e.g. typically a file or microphone.

For questions about upcoming ECMAScript features that are not scheduled to be part of a specific version yet (anything that is a stage 3 or lower proposal).

SnappyData is an open source integration of the GemFireXD in-memory database and the Apache Spark cluster computing system for OLTP, OLAP, and Approximate Query Processing workloads.

The Hugo plugin allows you to log your debug builds using annotations.

Aurelia-breeze is a plugin for the Aurelia framework. It's goal is to make using Breeze with Aurelia as seamless as possible.

Questions about new features specified in the ECMAScript 2016 specification.

Memory sanitizer (msan) is a fast memory checker for Clang and GCC. Various computations will be instrumented to detect memory issues at runtime.

A toolbox for biosignal processing written in Python.

A basis (of e.g. vectors) spans a space (such as vector space).

A cross platform module for Microsoft SQL Server that wraps node-mssql&#xD;&#xA;

Covariance, contravariance and invariance describe how the existing type inheritance hierarchy changes when subjected to some transformation (such as usage within generics). If the transformation keeps the ordering of the original hierarchy, it is "covariant". If it reverses it, it is "contravariant". If it breaks it, it is "invariant".

DrRacket is a graphical environment for developing programs using the Racket programming languages.

Audit4j is an opensource business event auditing framework.

Low-fi proxy server for component CDNs

An API which allows constraint programming for java programmers. It aims at describing hard combinatorial problems in the form of Constraint Satisfaction Problems and solving them with Constraint Programming techniques

The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application. Each of these libraries supports a specific range of Android platform versions and set of features.&#xD;&#xA;

ASP.NET WebHooks is a framework for sending and receiving WebHooks between Web Applications and services. It is based on Microsoft .NET Framework and an ideal choice for integrating disparate services and applications.

MyCouch is a C# library for CouchDB

VectorDrawable is a native vector graphics format for Android.

DTR(Docker Trusted Registry) allows you to store and manage your Docker images on-premises.

PayJunction powers mid- to large-scale businesses with smart payment processing, electronic signature capturing, and comprehensive multi-user multi-location reporting.

Docker Datacenter brings container management and deployment services to enterprises with a production-ready platform supported by Docker and hosted locally behind the firewall

&#xD;&#xA;Docker-UCP(Docker Universal Control Plane)&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Deploy and manage Dockerized applications in production.

Manatee Works is a barcode scanning/decoding solution for smartphones, tablets, and wearables.

In statistics, the Pearson product-movement correlation coefficient is a measure of the linear correlation between two variables, giving a value between one and negative one inclusive, where one is the total positive correlation, zero is no correlation, and negative one is the total negative correlation.

Questions about programming with the Google Consumer Surveys REST API.

Hermes provides a Swing GUI to access `JMS` queues and topics for common tasks such as sending messages, removing messages and copying messages between queues and topics.

Microsoft's Cortana Analytics Suit - A fully managed big data and advanced analytics &#xD;&#xA;suite that enables you to transform your data into &#xD;&#xA;intelligent action.

2048 is an open source tile-based puzzle game. Questions with this tag should be either about implementing the game or implementing solving strategies. Ask on http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/ if it's a specific game development issue. Ask on http://gaming.stackexchange.com/ if it is about playing the game.

The People API lets you list authenticated users' contacts and retrieve profile information for authenticated users and their contacts.

PyPDF2 is a pure-python PDF library capable of splitting, merging together, cropping, and transforming the pages of PDF files. It can also add custom data, viewing options, and passwords to PDF files. It can retrieve text and metadata from PDFs as well as merge entire files together.

PHP-MySQLiDB is a third-party wrapper for MySQLi written in PHP.

AutoTable is an extension for the popular jsPDF library which adds useful functionality for exporting tables in PDF format

JTCalendar is an easily customizable calendar control for iOS.

Date range picker component for Bootstrap

Questions about or pertaining to the IRS ACA (Affordable Care Act) Submission Process.

An R Package for Text Analysis

Functional reactive programming library in JavaScript.

An SCNText object is a geometry that creates its contents from a string of text, rendered in 2D and optionally extruded to create a three-dimensional object.&#xD;&#xA;

A Gulp plugin that minifies css with clean-css

This tag is for question pertaining to Adobe's "Animate CC" software (formerly Flash Professional).

Applicable for all questions related to development for Microsoft HoloLens devices.

abas ERP is an enterprise resource planning & e-business application for manufacturers in the Assemble-to-Order, Make-to-Order and Engineer-to-Order environment. Manufacturer is ABAS Software AG, since 1980 based in Karlsruhe, Germany and interests in national and international companies that distribute the software.

The version of the Python programming currently under development, with a first alpha expected in May, 2016. For issues that are specific to Python 3.5. Use the more generic [python] and [python-3.x] tags where possible.

gulp-zip is a plug-in for gulp.js that provides ZIP compression

A calendar control for iOS7+

Visual Studio Code Extension API and extension development

Cocotb is a COroutine based COsimulation TestBench environment for verifying VHDL/Verilog RTL using Python.

A Babel transpiler to assist with the conversion of ES6 to ES5 for the Jest testing framework.

MarkupKit is a framework for simplifying development of native iOS applications.

Ubuntu 16.04 (Xenial Xerus) is a long term support release, available from 21st of April 2016. It is the sixth stable and Long Term Support (LTS) release of Ubuntu.

Gem that allows you to encrypt a Chef Data Bag Item using the public keys of a list of chef nodes.

LPCXpresso is a low-cost development tool platform, available directly from NXP

A Pure Ruby gem that implements the MQTT protocol, a lightweight protocol for publish/subscribe messaging.

YaLinqo (Yet Another LINQ to Objects for PHP) — port of .NET LINQ to PHP.

 Turtle is a textual syntax that allows RDF graphs to be written in a compact and natural text form, with abbreviations for common usage patterns and datatypes

Kappa is a command line tool that makes it easier to deploy, update, and test functions for AWS Lambda.

CSS Cascade defines which value should be assigned to each property of each element.

Tealium is enterprise tag management and marketing software.

Use this tag for questions about the Gluon Mobile platform, enabling Java development on Android, iOS and desktop.

Use this tags for questions about the Gluon Desktop library and Gluon Ignite

A tool to enforce Swift style and conventions, loosely based on GitHub's Swift Style Guide. SwiftLint hooks into Clang and SourceKit to use the AST representation of your source files for more accurate results. More details at https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint.

Liquid.NET is a C# port of Tobias Lüdke's Liquid templating language.

Questions about the Jenkins "Pipeline" plugin (formerly "Workflow"). Not about pipelines in Jenkins in general (e.g. using downstream jobs).

Feign is a java to http client binder inspired by Retrofit, JAXRS-2.0, and WebSocket. Feign's first goal was reducing the complexity of binding Denominator uniformly to http apis regardless of restfulness.

Photo management and editing application developer by Apple for OS X.

A library of bindings to keep react-router and redux in sync (formerly known as redux-simple-router).

It is a clock-style timepicker for Bootstrap or jQuery https://github.com/weareoutman/clockpicker.

Orange-Pi is an open-source single-board computer, it can run Android, Ubuntu, Raspberry Pi Image. Non-programming related questions are better asked on superuser.com

Wollok is a programming language and IDE meant to be used for teaching OOP lessons. It allows to introduce OOP concepts incrementally, programming since the first day.

Raspbian is a free Debian-wheezy-based OS for the Raspberry-Pi computer.

A REST testing and API microbenchmarking tool

signalmaster is a simple socket.io server for WebRTC signaling

Use for question related to Apache Spark

Anything related to CloudBoost.io

Matter.js is a 2D physics engine for the web

PHP-FFMpeg is an object oriented library to convert video/audio files with FFmpeg/AVconv.

Bootflat is an open source Flat UI KIT based on Bootstrap 3.3.0 CSS framework

Type.js allows you to write new CSS properties to take finer typographic control of type styles on the web.

UNET is the native Unity3D network system.&#xD;&#xA;

Lightweight, Portable, Flexible Distributed/Mobile Deep Learning with Dynamic, Mutation-aware Dataflow Dep Scheduler; for Python, R, Julia, Go, Javascript

NULL

Ribbon is a Inter Process Communication (remote procedure calls) library with built in software load balancers. The primary usage model involves REST calls with various serialization scheme support.

Asset Links is a protocol to securely capture statements made by digital assets such as web sites or mobile apps about their relationship with other digital assets. Statements can reliably be attributed to the owners of the source assets.

SonarQube Scanners run the analyzers on code. Use this tag for questions related to any of the scanners: SonarQube Scanner for CLI, Maven, Gradle, Jenkins, etc.

for questions about the web spider and search engine tool Sphider

Use this tag for questions regarding usages of the gm library for node.js

WinPexpect is a port of pexpect to the Windows platform. Pexpect is a Python version of Don Libes' Expect library for TCL. WinPexpect runs 100% native on Windows using Mark Hammond's pywin32 Python for Windows extensions.

Spring-Cloud-Netflix provides Netflix OSS integrations for Spring Boot apps through autoconfiguration and binding to the Spring Environment and other Spring programming model idioms.

Dovetailing in algorithm design, is a technique that interleaves different computations, performing them essentially simultaneously. Algorithms that use dovetailing are sometimes referred to as dovetailers.

RTRT (Rational Test RealTime) is a cross-platform solution for component testing and runtime analysis. &#xD;&#xA;Use this tag for question about RTRT scripting language code.

Gluu's open source authentication & API access management software for securing Web & mobile applications using OAuth2.

An app can create a place report to indicate that the device is currently located at a particular place. By reporting places that users have confirmed, you can help Google build a local model of the world. You should report that a device is at a place only if you're confident that the user is at the place, at the time when you report it.

This tag is reserved for questions about the GAUSS programming language, not the Gaussian distribution, or any of the hundred other things named after Carl Friedrich Gauss.

Mugen MVVM Toolkit makes it easier to develop cross-platform application using the Model-View-ViewModel design pattern. The Mugen MVVM Toolkit makes extensive use of Portable Class Libraries to provide maintainable cross platform C# native applications.

JSON Lines is a format for storing structured data that may be processed one record at a time.

SPIR - Standard Portable Intermediate Representation - is a family of open-standard cross-platform intermediate languages

The open source framework for developing database-driven websites, applications and APIs in Node.js. Built on Express and MongoDB.

CometChat - a jQuery chat software

NULL

Draft.js is a framework for building rich text editors in React, powered by an immutable model and abstracting over cross-browser differences.

Use for questions regarding use of the Node.js "notifier" module for sending cross platform system notifications.

Hosted Selenium scripts to monitor your website with real browser activity.

a free, open-source, embedded NoSQL database for .NET

The @import CSS at-rule is used to import style rules from other style sheets.

Microsoft Dynamics NAV (formerly known as Navision) is an ERP system that's part of Microsoft Dynamics

Dynamics NAV is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) development platform produced by Microsoft. Use this tag for issues that are specific for Dynamics NAV 2016.

Dynamics NAV is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) development platform produced by Microsoft. Use this tag for issues that are specific for Dynamics NAV 2009.

Android N (aka Nougat, Android 7, API24)

WKInterFaceSwitch represents a toggle switch UI control used in Apple's watchOS for the Apple Watch.

For use with cakephp2.8 specific problems. For more general questions use cakephp tag

MAVLink or Micro Air Vehicle Link is a protocol for communicating with small unmanned vehicle.

NULL

This tag should be used for any question regarding a Memory-Efficient Linked List, which is sometimes even called the XOR Linked List

ORA-12170: TNS:Connect timeout occurred

Docfx is a tool, to create documentation from visual studio projects and mixing them with custom articles using markdown: https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/

https://www.openswan.org/

theano-cuda relates to the installation, configuration, and use of the CUDA backend for Theano

Vue Router is a routing library for single-page applications designed for use with the Vue.js framework.

Event filters are used in multiple frameworks to capture all or some events dispatched to an object and handle them before the object does.

AVA is a fast and simple JavaScript test runner with builtin support for ES2015.

IBM Forms is a product that is used to Forms by using Drag and Drop Functionality. The Forms can be easily created by Business users and IT Professional can connect this forms to different Web Services.

Refers to the react-templates library/syntax. Do not use for questions about JSX.

The Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) is a network protocol which allows you to transfer files between two computers on the Internet over any reliable stream.

NULL

NULL

NULL

Brotli is a compression algorithm, first released in 2013 for web font compression and then used more widely for HTTP compression.

NULL

Extensions are a list of artifacts that are to be used in this build. They will be included in the running build's classpath. They can enable extensions to the build process, as well as make plugins active which make changes to the build lifecycle

A free online service for retrieving weather data

OpenStack multi-region is a **mode**, where each site will be deployed with independent OpenStack instance (including Nova, Cinder, Neutron, Ceilometer, Glance, Glance sometimes will be shared for multi-site). KeyStone service is shared for same credential to access multi-region, and Horizon functions as the unified portal for the multi-region cloud.

OpenWhisk is a distributed, event-driven compute service. It is developed by IBM as open source projects. The code can be found on GitHub: https://github.com/openwhisk/openwhisk

std::initializer_list<T> is a special class template that was introduced by C++11 that allows iteration over a homogenous list of values of type T and that has built-in support for construction from initializer lists of the form "{ ... }". It can be used to create "initializer constructors".

an R package that can be used to import Excel (.xls and .xlsx) files into R&#xD;&#xA;

The Raspberry Pi 3 is a quad-core, ARMv8 instruction set CPU with 1GB of RAM. See the related StackExchange site at http://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com. Also see the first edition's tag at http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/raspberry-pi.

An hxml file is a build file that enumerates options to pass to the Haxe compiler.

A distance matrix is a matrix containing the pairwise distances between the elements of a set. The "distance" may rely on the concept of metric.

Superdesk is an open source end-to-end news creation, production, curation, distribution and publishing platform. Written in Python3 on top of Eve framework. Client side use angular and react.

Graclj is a Clojure plugin for Gradle's software model.

Material design concept - bottom sheets slide up from the bottom of the screen to reveal more content.

COTURN is an open source TURN and STUN Server

Pebble is a lightweight, open source, Java EE template engine.

Azure Resource Manager(ARM) Templates are used to deploy all the resources required for an application to Azure. In the template, you define the resources that are needed for the application and specify deployment parameters to input values for different environments. They consist of JSON and expressions which you can use to construct values for your deployment.

Mapped memory permits different processes to communicate via a shared file.

MINC tag refers to a file format and/or a library for storing named, multi-dimensional variables in files in a machine-independent way.

Selenium2Library is a web testing library for Robot Framework.

Stately.js is a JavaScript based finite-state machine (FSM) engine for Node.js and the browser.

Monitoring, logging, and diagnostics for applications on Google Cloud Platform and AWS.

Google Cloud Monitoring provides dashboards and alerts for cloud-powered applications.

Toree provides applications with a mechanism to interactively and remotely access Apache Spark.

NULL

Booktype is a free, open source platform that produces beautiful, engaging books formatted for print, Amazon, iBooks and almost any ereader within minutes.

Newscoop is the open content management system for professional journalists.

Google Cloud Test Lab provides cloud-based infrastructure for testing Android apps. It includes a test experience integrated into Android Studio. For comprehensive testing before releasing your app, Cloud Test Lab gives you access to physical devices installed and running in a Google data center.

A generator for creating static sites. Helps you harness the power of your favorite tools: Jade or Nunjucks, Gulp, ES6/2015, and much more!

Android device's internal storage memory

Docker Cloud is a service for managing and deploying Dockerized applications.

jsTree Bindings for Shiny

Mypy is an optional static type checker for Python.

A library to integrate the Google V8 Javascript Engine in PHP

SonarLint for IntelliJ is an extension that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.

SonarLint for Eclipse is an extension that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.

SonarLint for Visual Studio is an extension that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.

Autocomplete is a feature of the Places library in the Google Maps JavaScript API. You can use autocomplete to give your applications the type-ahead-search behavior of the Google Maps search field. When a user starts typing an address, autocomplete will fill in the rest.

TruClient is a browser-based testing technology for performance, load and automation developped by HP.

A jQuery plugin that types. Enter in any string, and watch it type at the speed you've set, backspace what it's typed, and begin a new sentence for however many strings you've set.

Javascript library that adds prefixes to CSS properties for browsers that need them

Pymatgen (Python Materials Genomics) is a robust, open-source Python library for materials analysis.

Runtime Permission Helper for Android M.

NULL

Lovefield is a relational database for web apps. Written in JavaScript, works cross-browser. Provides SQL-like APIs that are fast, safe, and easy to use. https://google.github.io/lovefield/

This tag is for questions related to building and using compound widgets on the mobile platform Android. A compound view is a type of custom view in Android which is a group of different Views. It is treated in layout XML files as one custom view.

ERT is a tool for automated testing in Emacs Lisp. Its main features are facilities for defining tests, running them and reporting the results, and for debugging test failures interactively.

a Swift-compatible Objective-C library for stubbing network requests

Use this tag for questions about the Brightway2 life cycle assessment (LCA) software.

Power Architecture is a CPU architecture derived from the IBM POWER1 CPU, not to be confused with the Power ISA. The most recent release is POWER8, with POWER9 slated for release in 2017.

The experimental W3C Web Bluetooth API allows websites to communicate with Bluetooth LE devices over the GATT protocol.

Babun is a cygwin extension and runs under Microsoft Windows. It gives the user a simple predfined cygwin environment and a package manager which allows the user to simple install packages. More information can be found http://babun.github.io/

docker containers are the core of the docker program in which programs and applications can run in simulated environments.

Google Cloud Shell is a shell environment for managing resources hosted on Google Cloud Platform.

Use this tag for questions about Orbit.js, a promise-based JavaScript library for managing access to data sources.

KiCAD is a cross platform (Debian, Gentoo, OS X, Ubuntu, Windows...) and open source electronics design automation suite.

Plotting interface and wrapper for several julia plotting packages

In Java, direct buffer is usually used with channels and native I/O routines. It's out of JVM heap and gc operation. It's more expensive to create than non-direct buffer, and better create for large and long-live buffer.&#xD;&#xA;The io operation could be better on direct buffer than non-direct buffer, though it's platform and jvm implementation dependent.

The Penn Treebank Project annotates text for linguistic structure using Treebank II bracketing.

Lispyscript is Javascript using a 'Lispy' syntax, and compiles to Javascript.

The Anaconda plugin for Sublime Text 3 (completely unrelated to the Anaconda Python distribution) provides many IDE-like features for programming in Python. Features include intelligent autocompletion, function signature and documentation tooltips, linting, autoformatting, and more.

A library for reading and writing Avro data from Spark SQL.

A timeline class for building & managing sequences of TweenLite, TweenMax, TimelineLite and/or TimelineMax instances

An extension of Greensock's TimelineLite

A library for adding interactive scaling/rotating/moving of DisplayObjects to a Flash or Flex application

An AS3 loading system

Pingendo is a WSIWYG editor for HTML pages, focused towards creating Bootstrap prototypes quickly. Runs on Windows, Linux, and Mac.

In spherical k-means, all vectors are normalized, and distance measure is cosine dissimilarity.

NULL

NULL

Deeplearning4j is the first commercial-grade, open-source, distributed deep-learning library written for Java and Scala

WizIQ is a mobile-ready online learning delivery platform. It comes with its own API.

JQuantLib is a free, open-source, comprehensive framework for quantitative finance

An Atom Editor and Visual Studio Code package suite for cross platform F# development.

NULL

Version 4.0 of middleman.

Diffusion is a high speed, high capacity, highly available, low latency pub/sub real-time messaging server for the Internet. Questions not about the API or connecting the various components are better asked on superuser.com or serverfault.com

Peach is a SmartFuzzer that is capable of performing both generation and mutation based fuzzing.

BizTalk Server (or simply "BizTalk") enables companies to automate business processes, through the use of adapters which are tailored to communicate with different software systems used in an enterprise. Created by Microsoft, it provides enterprise application integration, business process automation, business-to-business communication, message broker and business activity monitoring.

NULL

WebSphere Application Server Developer Tools for Eclipse is a subset of Rational Application Developer plug-ins for WAS.

In a relational database, a weak entity is an entity that cannot be uniquely identified by its attributes alone; therefore, it must use a foreign key in conjunction with its attributes to create a primary key.

Grgit is a wrapper over JGit that provides a fluent API for interacting with Git repositories in Groovy-based tooling.

NULL

This tag should be used in questions that specifically relate to iOS 9.3. If the version does not matter use the iOS tag.

In OS X, the Finder Sync extension point lets you cleanly and safely modify the Finder’s user interface to express file synchronization status and control. Unlike most extension points, Finder Sync does not add features to a host app. Instead, it lets you modify the behavior of the Finder itself.&#xD;&#xA;

Easy to use open source hardware to drive WS2811 LEDs with high-quality color

Responsive is a tag to indicate a generic responsive website or web application programming or design topic. It's a more generic tag than 'responsive-design', and it serves for situations when you're specifically writing about programming (usually html/css/js). The word 'responsive' itself refers to the ability of a web application/website to respond and adapt its dimensions and interactivity across a wide range of devices and screen sizes.

This tag should be used for questions around the DC/OS (Datacenter Operating System). Related: #mesos and #marathon

Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.2 of Apple's Swift programming language. Use the tag [swift] for more general language questions, or the tags [ios], [cocoa], [apple-watch], etc for questions about developing on Apple platforms.

This is the SonarQube 5.4.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the sonarqube tag if your question is specific to SonarQube 5.4.x — not just 5.x.

Amazon policy - is a document that formally states one or more permissions.

Use this tag to ask us how-to questions about:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;* Using our open-source, IdP-agnostic SAML toolkits to implement web SSO for your app&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;* Using our open-source, IdP-agnostic NAPPS toolkits to implement native app SSO for your app&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;* Using our Cloud Directory API&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;* Using the SCIM open-standard to enable provisioning for your app

Magento is the eCommerce software and platform.

Embeddedlist is a type of OrientDB field where you can encapsulate a structure like a JSON

An HTML5 framework for for building visual tools, with the JointJS library at its core.

A JavaScript library for creating Venn and Euler diagrams

SkypeDeveloper tag can be used for discussions related to the following Skype APIs and SDKs

Questions related to using the JSON data type in MySQL 5.7 or later

Unit test framework for clojure.

Lagom is a framework for creating microservice-based systems on the Java Virtual Machine.&#xD;&#xA;

Appc is the CLI command for Appcelerator Platform development.&#xD;&#xA;

Infinite $digest Loop error in AngularJS application ($rootScope:infdig). This error occurs when the application's model becomes unstable and each $digest cycle triggers a state change and subsequent $digest cycle.

jQuery plugin for handling images

Zoë is an open source tool for generating spritesheet images and frame data from SWF files, and part of the CreateJS suite.

A web framework and server for Swift that works on macOS and Ubuntu.

Pegex - Acmeist PEG Parser Framework

IBM InfoSphere Platform provides all the foundational building blocks of trusted information, including data integration, data warehousing, master data management, big data and information governance.

For questions related with the *mod operation*, that can arise in Cryptography, Number Theory, Hashing, etc..

Bluemix is a platform as a service (PaaS) developed by IBM, to build, run, deploy, and manage applications on the cloud. IBM Eclipse Tools for Bluemix are free Eclipse tools that allow you to deploy and debug your applications to the Bluemix server right from your Eclipse IDE, or WebSphere® Application Server Developer Tools (WDT). Use this tag for questions referring to the usage of IBM Eclipse Tools for Bluemix.

The Firebase Queue is a fault-tolerant, multi-worker, multi-stage job pipeline built on the Firebase realtime database.

IBM Integration Bus (formerly WebSphere Message Broker) is integration broker that provides connectivity and universal data transformation in heterogeneous IT environments.

OERPLib is a Python module providing an easy way to pilot your OpenERP and Odoo servers through RPC.

An Elixir flavored DSL for building JSON based requests to Elasticsearch engine.

A JavaScript library for anonymous browser fingerprinting

A JavaScript library for anonymous browser fingerprinting

For questions relating to the Android ViewFlipper component. It is essentially a ViewAnimator that can animate between two or more views that have been added to it (only one of these views is shown at a time).

NULL

Deku is a library for rendering interfaces using pure functions and virtual DOM.

Giphy, an online repository of animated gifs with the option to make your own. For giphy API questions, use the tag [giphy-api].

Related to the use of the Giphy API. Consider also the tag [giphy] if your question isn't about the API.

CSScomb is a CSS beautifier.

Aurelia has a built in dependency injection framework that is used for managing objects.

For questions about using the API for the GroupMe chat platform.

For Ionic-Material Related Questions Only... If you want to refer your question to ionic only, please use the `ionic` tag. If you want to refer to ionic-framework, then please use the `ionic-framework` tag.

Mosca is a node.js mqtt broker.

CUBA Platform is an open source high level full-stack Java framework for faster enterprise software development

QPDF is a free command-line program that can convert one PDF file to another equivalent PDF file.

Spotipy is a lightweight Python library for the Spotify Web API. With Spotipy you get full access to all of the music data provided by the Spotify platform.

A C++ library for data types of polynomials, monomials and exponent vectors

Package Management is an extension for Visual Studio Team Services that can host packages (e.g. NuGet packages) and organize them in feeds.&#xD;&#xA;

The InterPlanetary File System (IPFS)

Onsen UI is an open source front-end framework for hybrid mobile apps and Websites with native look and feel.

A bagplot is a bivariate generalisation of a boxplot and gives insight in the distribution of data points in both axes.

Questions about RecordRTC (a JavaScript) library.

Poison is a JSON library for Elixir focusing on speed without sacrificing simplicity, completeness, or correctness.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Poison uses extensive sub binary matching, a hand-rolled parser using several techniques that are known to benefit HiPE for native compilation, IO list encoding and single-pass decoding. Benchmarks put Poison's performance next to jiffy's.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag in combination with [tag:elixir].

A language created and used in the Kivy framework to describe a widget structure of a project.

An IndexedDB convenience library which prefers Promises over events.

a composite render engine for universal (isomorphic) express apps to render both plain react views and react-router views

Java API client for Docker

Clean and fast and geospatial raster I/O for Python programmers who use Numpy

JDAL is an open source Java library that aims to help developers making database applications easily. JDAL helps you to find what you really need to code and what is already coded in a common java database application, avoiding the complexity of many common programming tasks.

IBM Graph is a hosted OLTP graph database based on the Open Source Tinkerpop 3 Apache project. It provides a REST API that allows developers to create graphs, load data into their graphs, and issue Gremlin queries against their data.

This tag is for the XAML UI framework specific to Windows-Store-Apps on Windows 10, part of the Universal Windows Platform (UWP).

Oracle SQL Developer Data Modeler is a free graphical tool that enhances productivity and simplifies data modeling tasks. Using Oracle SQL Developer Data Modeler users can create, browse and edit, logical, relational, physical, multi-dimensional, and data type models. The Data Modeler provides forward and reverse engineering capabilities and supports collaborative development through integrated source code control.

DataFrame based graph library for Apache Spark&#xD;&#xA;

Microsoft released the (RTM) milestone for Exchange Server 2016 on October 1, 2015.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Main page: https://products.office.com/en-us/exchange/microsoft-exchange-server-2016&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag if you intend to refer specifically to the 2016 version of Exchange server. If your question is not version-specific, use [exchange-server](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/exchange-server) instead.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

use this tag if you have a question which is related to the github codereview functionality.see https://github.com/features

web application for building blogs on github

Development and testing framework with integrated asset pipeline for the virtual currency Ethereum

Development and testing framework with integrated asset pipeline for the virtual currency Ethereum

Mathematical model of computation used to design computer programs and sequential logic.

Coverage.py is a tool for measuring code coverage of Python programs. It monitors your program, noting which parts of the code have been executed, then analyzes the source to identify code that could have been executed but was not.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Coverage measurement is typically used to gauge the effectiveness of tests. It can show which parts of your code are being exercised by tests, and which are not. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;See https://coverage.readthedocs.org/

android: horizontal linear recycler view nested within a vertical recycler view

Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products. It is part of the Microsoft Dynamics family. The early versions (from 1.0 to 3.0) were called Axapta, while the later versions (from 3.0 SP6 to AX 7) are called Dynamics AX.

Typewriter is an open-source extension for Visual Studio that generates TypeScript files from C# code files using TypeScript Templates. This allows you to create fully typed TypeScript representations of server side API, models, controllers, SignalR hubs etc. that automatically updates when you make changes to your C# code.

Questions about the Google API Discovery service

R package for quantitative analysis of mass spectrometry data, performs baseline subtraction, peak alignment and handling of replicated measurements

Version 5 of the popular JUnit testing framework for the JVM. JUnit is a framework for writing repeatable tests. It is an instance of the xUnit architecture for unit testing frameworks.

Pure Go Postgres driver for database/sql

a compression library for handling zip files and other formats built into .NET framework 4.5 or greater.

A text-to-speech (TTS) synthesis system run by Amazon

ruamel.yaml is a YAML 1.2 loader/dumper library for Python, with round-trip preservation of comments, tags and flow style. It is a superset of the PyYAML package. Use this tag for issues with features or installation of that are ruamel.yaml specific.

An R package that provides methods for interactive plotting of spatial objects from the sp and raster packages.

Flawfinder is a simple software tool that examines C/C++ source code and reports possible security weaknesses (“flaws”) sorted by risk level. It’s very useful for quickly finding and removing at least some potential security problems before a program is widely released to the public.

collection of ui components for AngularJS2

The HACL for Java is a set of classes and methods that allow application programmers to access host applications at the 3270 and 5250 data stream levels easily and quickly. HACL implements the core host access function in a complete class model that is independent of any graphical display and only requires a Java-enabled browser or comparable Java environment to operate.

 LablGtk is an OCaml interface to GTK+ 1.2 and 2.x.

A slim PHP wrapper around wkhtmltopdf with an easy to use and clean OOP interface

Free online IDE, compiler and debugging tool. Covers 40 languages

The react-dom/server package allows you to render your components on the server.

Questions about the Microsoft Bot Framework, a framework for building intelligent chat bots and deploying them to multiple messaging platforms at once.

For anything related to A-Frame (aframe.io). A-Frame provides building blocks for the VR web. It allows us to build virtual reality scenes using just HTML. It is a Javascript WebVR framework built on top of three.js that brings the entity-component-system pattern to the DOM.

WS4J (WordNet Similarity for Java) provides a pure Java API for several published Semantic Relatedness/Similarity algorithms.

The popular IDE by JetBrains, specifically in its version '2016'.

ArgParse.jl is a package for parsing command-line arguments to Julia programs.

Amibroker is a financial software for portfolio-level system design, testing and validation. It has its own scripting language AFL.&#xD;&#xA;

Fast and efficient recommendations and predictions using Ruby & Redis. Developed by and used at Pathgather to generate course similarities and content recommendations to users.

Gulp-webpack allows you to import your Webpack config into a Gulp task. This lets you use Webpack's modules feature.

an API lifecycle management platform

block compression algorithm giving a compression ratio of 4:1 used predominantly with textures and images

texture compression algorithms much like DXT block compression for use with Savage 3D and openGL

A Jenkinsfile is a container for your pipeline (or other) script, which details what specific steps are needed to perform a job for which you want to use Jenkins. You create a Jenkinsfile with your preferred Groovy editor, or through the configuration page on the web interface of your Jenkins instance.&#xD;&#xA;

Azure Functions is an event driven, compute-on-demand experience that extends the existing Azure application platform with capabilities to implement code triggered by events occurring in Azure or third party services as well as on-premises systems.

Jenkins provides an API that allows you to access Jenkins via REST (see http://localhost:8080/api/ of a running Jenkins) to retrieve information or interact with Jenkins.

Extension for visual studio code to enable object pascal code with code completion and syntax highlighting

wordpress starter theme using the HTML5 bolierplate

Use this tag for questions related to touchesCancelled:withEvent, a UIResponder event-handling method in the UIKit framework and MonoTouch.UIKit Namespace.

ErlyDTL compiles Django Template Language to Erlang bytecode.

Sql2o is a small Java framework that makes it easy to execute SQL statements on your JDBC compliant database from Java.

Use this tag for questions related to Eureka, an iOS form-building framework.

A javascript tool that provides the ability to sort lists using drag and drop. Built on the jQuery framework.

Lean is an open source theorem prover being developed at Microsoft Research, and its standard library at Carnegie Mellon University. The Lean Theorem Prover aims to bridge the gap between interactive and automated theorem proving.

The optparse-generic package is used to parse command line arguments in Haskell programs.

In Java, subclasses of LinkageError indicate that a class has some dependency on another class; however, the latter class has incompatibly changed after the compilation of the former class.

Analysis of Dose-Response Curves.

Softaculous is a commercial script library automating installation of open source or commercial web applications on a website.

RTCMultiConnection is a JavaScript library for establishing WebRTC connections for peer-to-peer communications.

ARM Cortex-M7 based 32 bit MCU family from ST-Microelectronics. Relative of the STM32F4 family.

A GUC variable is a setting of the PostgreSQL Grand Unified Configuration (GUC). GUC is a PostgreSQL subsystem handling server configuration at various levels.

The STM8 is an 8-bit microcontroller by STMicroelectronics.

Builds tree widget with Bootstrap list-group theming

**From Android Document**&#xD;&#xA;It allows more than one user on a single Android device by separating their accounts and application data. For instance, parents may let their children use the family tablet. Or a critical team might share a mobile device for on-call duty.

HTTP request logger middleware for node.js

SAP R/3 is the former name of SAP ERP; the enterprise resource planning software produced by the German multinational SAP SE.

SAP ERP is enterprise resource planning software produced by the German multinational SAP SE

High level representation of a .xls workbook, top level object for creating new sheets

Questions regarding the Skype Bots SDK (C# or Node.js).

The Go Playground is a web service that runs on golang.org's servers. The service receives a Go program, compiles, links, and runs the program inside a sandbox, then returns the output.

NULL

gulp plugin for swapping in CDN links for local links, also has customization and fallbacks

Beaker notebooks are documents which contain code blocks, output, figures, and text.

The new

NULL

CNTK (www.cntk.ai), Computational Network Toolkit is a unified deep-learning toolkit by Microsoft Research.

An Angular 2 pipe takes in data as input and transforms it to a desired output.

BFO (Big Faceless Organisation) develop Java PDF business to business software. Their tools support PDF manipulation including PDF & PDF/A creation, xml to pdf conversion, bitmap conversion and text extraction.

Should be used when the question is about the cassandra lucene index plugin created by Stratio placed in https://github.com/Stratio/cassandra-lucene-index

Orchard is a Content Management System (CMS) build on top of ASP.NET. The project is aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform. Version 1.10 was released in March 2016. This tag is intended for questions that specifically regard Version 1.10.x&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;See http://www.orchardproject.net/ and https://github.com/OrchardCMS/Orchard

LINE application developed by NAVER

 HoloLens emulator allows you to test holographic apps on your PC without a physical HoloLens and comes with the HoloLens development toolset. The emulator uses a Hyper-V virtual machine on windows.

A collection of C++ HTTP libraries including an easy to use HTTP server.

Triq is a pure Erlang implementation of the QuickCheck style of testing.

New features of jQuery 3.0 or changes in behaviour from jQuery 2.x to jQuery 3.x.&#xD;&#xA;Always use together with the [jquery] tag.

NULL

NULL

Virtual machine scale sets are an Azure Compute resource you can use to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs. With all VMs configured the same, VM scale sets are designed to support true autoscale – no pre-provisioning of VMs are required – and as such make it easier to build large-scale services targeting big compute, big data, and containerized workloads.

A robust, performance-focused and full-featured Redis client for Node and io.js.

You can use the Google My Business API to create and edit locations in Google My Business.

Lyft API - https://www.lyft.com/developers

Apache ActiveMQ Artemis is an asynchronous messaging system, an example of Message Oriented Middleware.

PropEr is property-based testing tool in Erlang, similar Quickcheck in Haskell.

Sparkling Water integrates H2O's fast scalable machine learning engine with Spark.

Questions about programmatically accessing individual folders.

Mid-level client library for accessing PostgreSQL from Haskell

gomail provides a simple interface to compose emails and to mail them efficiently in golang.

D3 based JavaScript charting library

Spring Cloud Config provides server and client-side support for externalized configuration in a distributed system.

Android ffmpeg wrapper are used to add the magic of free open source Ffmpeg inside android platform.

For questions involving the MySqlHelper Class.

A bitmap effect that paints a drop shadow around the target texture.

LiveCharts is a modern charting library for wpf and winforms, it consist in animated, MVVM oriented and easy to use charts

NULL

Apex is a YARN-native platform that unifies stream and batch processing. It processes big data in-motion in a way that is highly scalable, highly performant, fault tolerant, stateful, secure, distributed, and easily operable.

Snakemake is a workflow management system with a Python-style specification language.

Neo4j's batch insertion facility intended for initial imports, which bypasses transactions and other checks in favor of performance. This is useful when you have a big dataset that needs to be loaded once.

git bisect command uses a binary search algorithm to find which commit in your project’s history introduced a bug. git bisect skip allows you to skip just one commit or skips a range of commits

a javascript event that activates when a row is clicked within a grid

Describes usage of brat, a rapid annotation tool for documents.

An integrated development environment for ecological modelling

Pandorabots is a RESTful API for integrating artificially intelligent chatbots into applications.

Camellia is a 128 bit block cipher. Question not related to programming that are about the cipher are best asked on crypto.stackexchange.com

variant datatype that stores type and value, it can be concurrently accessed in any way from any number of threads

the windows version of Xamarin (acquired by Microsoft in February 2016) that helps you to build cross platform apps on Windows, iOS and Android using the .NET framework

FreshMvvm is a super light Mvvm Framework designed specifically for Xamarin.Forms.

Questions related setting up, using and/or maintaining twiggy. The light weight, open source, HTTP server for PSGI applications

Allows for looping in theano python library

NULL

hot module replacement means code changes appear instantly in the browser without the need to rebuild the entire app.

Process-injection is, well, a process by which one process is inspected or manipulated from the inside, by another process.

circlize is a free, open-source, R language implementation of the circos software for visualizing data in a circular format.

Stormcrawler is project providing a collection of resources for building low-latency, scalable web crawlers on Apache Storm. See http://www.stormcrawler.net

Questions related to integrating with the Spring Cloud AWS libraries

Extension development for Microsoft Edge browser.

NULL

A JavaScript-based syntax highlighting library

For use with the `lsyncd` file-synchronization tool.

Castor JDO is an open source data binding framework for Java[tm].

A utility for IPMI to help administrators perform functions without a learning curve

Questions about the interaction, creation, or/and use of publicaly available APIs

Questions concerning the use of the CodeClimate command line tool, as distinct from the CodeClimate website.

needle4j is a DI testing framework that automatically injects mocks but also allows custom configuration of injected beans for more control in i-test setups

 Animated Marker Clustering functionality for Leaflet, a JS library for interactive maps.

NULL

This tag is for those questions about using .net on Mac machines. An alternate synonym would be .net-osx

neo4j-cql or Neo4j - Cypher Query Language

Mattermost is an open source, self-hosted team communication service that is an alternative to SaaS messaging services such as Slack.

Responsive FileManager is a file management script written in JavaScript with a PHP backend. It is often combined with text editors such as TinyMCE and CKEditor.

FlinkCEP - complex event processing for Apache Flink

Cocoa Scripting is a framework for OS X for making applications scriptable

Mongoid is an ODM (Object-Document-Mapper) framework for MongoDB in Ruby.

The C++ detection idiom a programming pattern for detecting valid usages of types.

NULL

Use this tag for questions relevant to libhdf; a JNI based C api for Hadoop's DFS.

NULL

HTML5 data-* attributes that can be managed with javascript in an easy way.

accounting.js is a tiny JavaScript library,providing simple and advanced number, money and currency formatting.

Latest Version 4.5 of WordPress, named “Coleman” in honor of jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins, is available for download or update in your WordPress dashboard. New features in 4.5 help streamline your workflow, whether you’re writing or building your site.

Animated wheel navigation JavaScript library based on Raphaël.js

"iot-map-insights" tag has been remapped to "iot-context-mapping".&#xD;&#xA;IBM Watson IoT Context Mapping Service brings the power to your application to analyze moving object trajectories by leveraging road network-based geospatial services. It provides real-time query interfaces to access road network data and search services by unique index structure and advanced cache mechanisms.&#xD;&#xA;Please see: &#xD;&#xA;https://console.ng.bluemix.net/catalog/services/context-mapping/

"iot-driver-insights" tag has been remapped to "iot-driver-behavior". &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;IBM Watson IoT Driver Behavior Service lets you analyze drivers' behavior from vehicle probe data and contextual data.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;You can get more detailed information on this at &#xD;&#xA;https://console.ng.bluemix.net/catalog/services/driver-behavior/

A force directed graph layout algorithm in JavaScript.

[Circe](http://github.com/travisbrown/circe) (pronounced SUR-see, or KEER-kee in classical Greek) is a JSON library for Scala (and Scala.js).

Studio Sketchpad is an online IDE made with [EtherPad] that supports [Processing.js] found at http://sketchpad.cc/

free windows utility that allows you to easily batch rename files and folders based upon criteria

Client-side data source provided by Ignite UI.

refers to the version 5.0 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 5.

Docker Engine runs on Linux to create the operating environment for your distributed applications.

From wikipedia:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Endevor is a source code management and release management tool for mainframe computers running z/OS . It is part of a family of administration tools by CA Technologies (formerly Computer Associates), which is used to maintain software applications and track their versions.&#xD;&#xA;

For questions about the Quantum Computing Language used in quantum programming.

NULL

Instant Run is a behavior for the Run

AppImage is a software tool that helps creating standalone application under Linux.

NULL

Use this tag for general usage questions about django-rest-framework-gis.

ClamAV is open source antivirus software for email, command line, web and database

A javascript library for reading, writing and working with excel files.

ReDex is an Android bytecode (dex) optimizer originally developed at Facebook. It provides a framework for reading, writing, and analyzing .dex files, and a set of optimization passes that use this framework to improve the bytecode. An APK optimized by ReDex should be smaller and faster than its source.

An Easy interactive dashboards for R.

Stanford CoreNLP is an integrated framework. Its goal is to make it very easy to apply a bunch of linguistic analysis tools to a piece of text.

PostHTML is a tool for transforming HTML/XML with JS plugins. PostHTML itself is very small. It includes only a HTML parser, a HTML node tree API and a node tree stringifier.

NULL

Use this tag for questions about llvmlite, a lightweight LLVM python binding for writing JIT compilers

NULL

Semaphore is a CI service for open source and private projects. Its cloud solution helps developers find bugs before they reach users and deliver new features faster.

Cookiecutter Django is a framework for jumpstarting production-ready Django projects quickly.

A Python interface allowing training and detecting objects from Python scripts using the dlib library.&#xD;&#xA;http://dlib.net/

Akka is a library for building concurrent scalable applications using the Actor Model. Akka remoting is designed for communication in a peer-to-peer fashion. The remoting capabilities of Akka 2.0 are really powerful.

MgmtClassGen.exe is a command line tool to generate strong-type code for WMI types

PWT is an acronym standing for Putnami Web Toolkit.&#xD;&#xA;PWT is a powerful GWT framework.

NULL

VDSO is a Linux kernel mechanism for exporting some kernel space routines to user space.

Python Tools for Visual Studio

plumber is an R package used to create HTTP APIs from R. It uses annotations above your function definitions to define the structure of your API using existing R code.

Polymer web components from Vaadin for business applications

TOML is a language designed for configuring software

Axios is an npm library for http requests from both browser and server.

carbon-route is Polymer element that enables declarative, self-describing routing for a web app. This tag should be applied to questions around the use of carbon-route.

FME (Feature Manipulating Engine) is an ETL (Extract Transform Load) tool by Safe Software. It is able to read and write a wide range of dataformats and services (+400). Loaded with tools for manipulation of vector- and rasterdata but also tabular and code (XML).

Use this tag to talk about the pyRevit project: https://github.com/eirannejad/pyRevit

Delphi 10.1 Berlin is a specific version of Delphi released in April 2016.

Line (styled "LINE") is a proprietary application for instant communications on electronic devices such as smartphones, tablet computers and personal computers.

Bold for Delphi is an advanced Object Relational Mapper (ORM) and application framework.

Google Cloud offers a set of tools that you can use to manage resources and applications hosted on Google Cloud Platform. These tools include the gcloud command-line tool, as well as gsutil and bq.

Tabula is a java library and command line tool for extracting tables from PDF documents.

NULL

Use this tag for questions about the Eclipse RCP Testing Tool (RCPTT).

A wrapper for Material-UI form components to allow them to be used with formsy-react, a form validation component for React forms.

A form input builder and validator for React JS.

NETELLER is an e-money/e-wallet service owned and operated by publicly traded British global payments company Paysafe Group Plc.

Skrill (formerly Moneybookers) is an e-commerce business that allows payments and money transfers to be made through the Internet, with a focus on low-cost international money transfers.

YTPlayerView is YouTube's official iOS Player Helper class which facilitates the playback of YouTube videos in iOS applications.

A java profiler and production monitoring solution.

AudioKit is an audio synthesis, processing, and analysis platform for OS X, iOS, and tvOS.

The 65816, aka 65c816, used in many SNES game cartridges

bookdown is an R package for authors to write books and long-form articles using R Markdown

Impyla is a Python client for HiveServer2 implementations (e.g., Impala, Hive) for distributed query engines.

Fasd (pronounced similar to "fast") is a command-line productivity booster. Fasd offers quick access to files and directories for POSIX shells.

The Erlang Emulator on windows

npm package to connect karma with webpack &#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/webpack/karma-webpack

Use for programming or development questions related to epub 3 SDK. SkyEpub is the best epub 3 SDK that contains all the functions to make powerful epub reader for epub based ebooks on iOS and Android. The readers for reflowable and fixed layout are provided.

The new feature of Google Games app: [Game Profile](http://officialandroid.blogspot.co.il/2016/02/embrace-your-inner-gaming-hero-with.html)

Angular-toastr is an open-source Angular port of CodeSeven's toastr library.

In type theory, a refinement type is a type endowed with a predicate which is assumed to hold for any element of the refined type. Refinement types can express preconditions when used as function arguments or postconditions when used as return types

SPM (Statistical Parametric Mapping) is a matlab library for preprocessing and analysis of functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) data.

The Matlab Batch system is a matlab library for batch processing and dependency resolution.

ASP.NET Core Localization is the set of abstractions and implementations that allow developers to adapt their ASP.NET Core applications to a particular language, culture, and desired local "look and feel".

Rune.js is a JavaScript library for programming graphic design systems with SVG in the browser or node.js.

wevtutil ("Windows event utility") is a command line tool that can retrieve information about and manipulate Windows event logs and -publishers.

NULL

Erlang build tool that makes it easy to compile and test Erlang applications and releases. http://www.rebar3.org

A hotspot is a physical location where people may obtain Internet access, typically using Wi-Fi technology.

An extension to the mongolite package that implements faster find and aggregate methods.

DO NOT USE this tag for Microsoft Access, use [ms-access] instead.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;In computer security, general access control includes identification, authorization, authentication, access approval, and audit.

For questions pertaining to the LiquidHaskell static verifier.

The MeSH Ontology is an RDF-based ontology derived from the MeSH Vocabulary.

NULL

Mobile ad mediation is the process is which a mobile ad platform delivers its inventory to a client application by utilizing a 3rd party service.

A more standardized alternative to Whois

R Tools for Visual Studio (RTVS for short) is an official Microsoft extension for Visual Studio IDE that adds support for the R programming language.

react-router-relay is a tool used for integrating the react-router library into a Relay.js environment. Use this tag when using the react-router-relay library in your project.

"Partial response" is a JSF specific term for its ajax based view and response.&#xD;&#xA;

Perspective is a scalable multi-cloud management API and shell.

The Microsoft Authentication Libraries (MSAL) gives you the ability to add support for &#xD;&#xA;Azure Active Directory v2 (serves Microsoft Account and AAD) and B2C. Supports native clients such as Windows, iOS, OSX, Android, and Linux.

gli ("git-like interface") is a Ruby gem that parses arguments for command-line programs that (like git) accept commands followed by arguments.

Simplified query language interface for Apache CouchDB, inspired by MongoDB, and made available on Cloudant service first, and then on Apache CouchDB 2.0.

The Hyperledger Project is a collaborative effort created to advance blockchain technology by identifying and addressing important features for a cross-industry open standard for distributed ledgers that can transform the way business transactions are conducted globally (hyperledger.org/).&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Code and documentation is available at: github.com/hyperledger

Agda is a dependently typed functional programming language: It has inductive families, which are similar to Haskell's GADTs, but they can be indexed by values and not just types. To use Agda in editors like Emacs or Atom you need to enable/configure the editor to agda-mode.

NULL

This Gem adds useful methods to Rails app to validate, display and save phone numbers. It uses Phony gem (E164 international phone number normalizing, splitting, formatting).

Mobiledoc-Kit is a contentEditable-based editor toolkit written in JavaScript. It is used to implement a rich-text editor in the browser. The structured serialized document format that mobiledoc-kit editors produce is called mobiledoc. This format is intended to be able to be rendered in HTML, in DOM, or in other contexts such as native mobile apps.

libSoup is a GLib based HTTP client and server library

Yet another Java implementation of the Unix expect utility.

NULL

Collaborative environment for big data analytics and visualization.

AWQL (AdWords Query Language) is a SQL-like language for performing queries against most common AdWords API services.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;AWQL is inspired by SQL, though it does not support the full SQL vocabulary. Notable omissions are the JOIN and GROUP BY clauses. AWQL also provides a DURING clause not found in SQL which takes a date range as a parameter

Android Studio 2.1, the latest version of its integrated development environment (IDE), with support for the Android N developer preview and faster Instant Run.

Jack (Java Android Compiler Kit) is a new Android toolchain that compiles Java source into Android dex bytecode. It replaces the previous Android toolchain, which consists of multiple tools, such as javac, ProGuard, jarjar, and dx.

Radius is a PHP package is based on the libradius (Remote Authentication Dial In User Service) of FreeBSD. It allows clients to perform authentication and accounting by means of network requests to remote servers.

Citus is a distributed database that lets you run SQL queries over very large data sets.&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/citusdata/citus

NULL

OpenVDB is an Academy Award-winning open-source C++ library comprising a novel hierarchical data structure and a suite of tools for the efficient storage and manipulation of sparse volumetric data discretized on three-dimensional grids. It is developed and maintained by DreamWorks Animation for use in volumetric applications typically encountered in feature film production.

Onigmo is a regular expressions library forked from Oniguruma.

MongoDB provides features that allow administrators to implement controls to ensure that users and applications have access to only the data that they require controls and restrictions for any MongoDB deployment.

Jenkins is an extensible continuous integration server. Jenkins is open source and has packages for Linux, Mac OS X, Windows, FreeBSD and OpenBSD. This tag is for questions relating to Jenkins version 2.x. For non version-specific questions, please use the [jenkins] tag.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

The library was created in order to provide new animations for activities on Android. Using the ViewDragHelper class, it is possible to create smooth animations that allow full control of the view by the user.

SLT - SAP Landscape Transformation is a realtime replication / data provisioning tool from SAP. It uses triggers to detect and transfers deltas from source to target.

vue-loader is a vue.js component loader for Webpack(module bundler). it can transform Vue components into a plain JavaScript module.

NULL

shinythemes is an R package that makes it easy to alter the overall appearance of your Shiny applications

a BDD testing framework for Java written in easily readable code and producing human-readable output in different formats

NULL

IBM® BigInsights® Big R is a library of functions that provide end-to-end integration with the R language and BigInsights. Big R can be used for comprehensive data analysis on the BigInsights server, hiding some of the complexity of manually writing MapReduce jobs. You must download, license, and install the appropriate R software before using Big R.&#xD;&#xA;

PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio – PowerShell editing and debugging in Visual Studio.

Caracal is a ruby library for dynamically creating professional-quality Microsoft Word documents using an HTML-style syntax.

hjson is a configuration file format loosely based on json.

Immutable database and Datalog query engine for Clojure, ClojureScript and JS

Moscow ML is an open source compiler for the Standard ML programming language.

A design pattern in which multiple method parameters are consolidated in a single object.

Questions concerning the RinSim logistics simulator

Use this tag only for Windows's version of Safari, not for the OS X version.

CareKit is Apple's framework that includes core modules for developing apps that help people better understand and manage their health.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Modules available in CareKit: Care Card, Symptom and Measurement Tracker, Insights, Connect, Care Plan Store and Document Exporter.

The memory space on a GPU computation core which is shared by all threads of a block in a work grid ("work-items" in a "work-group" of the grid in OpenCL parlance).

Sketch.js is an easy-to-use jQuery plugin that allows you to create canvases upon which visitors can draw.

Java-based template engine based on django template syntax, adapted to render jinja templates (at least the subset of jinja in use in HubSpot content). Currently used in production to render thousands of websites with hundreds of millions of page views per month on the HubSpot COS.

NULL

An eight peg puzzle is a simple puzzle moving eight pegs of two different colors in a line with nine holes.

A `CloudKit.CKError` object encapsulates an error that may occur when you use CloudKit JS. This includes CloudKit server errors and local errors.

cloud9 is a development environment in the cloud this means that you can share work without emailing to each other. you can edit many languages including python, html, css, JavaScript and many more.&#xD;&#xA;each workspace also contains a virtual ubuntu machine with bash built in.&#xD;&#xA;

Binary Indexed Tree(BIT) also known as Fenwick Tree is a tree based advanced data structure that can be used to store and calculate cumulative sum or frequency. BIT is more efficient than other data structures (like Segment Tree and other RMQ) considering the time complexity, memory complexity and Line of Code.

OpenMesh is a library implementing a generic and efficient data structure for representing and manipulating polygonal meshes. It is written in C++ and also has experimental Python bindings. Use this tag for questions regarding OpenMesh or its usage in either C++ or Python.

Questions related to progress bar tqdm usage in Python or shell.

HoloViews is a Python library that makes analyzing and visualizing scientific or engineering data much simpler, more intuitive, and more easily reproducible.

The Autodesk Viewer enables your customers to visualize and interact with 2D and 3D design data in a web browser or on a mobile device, anytime, anywhere. No downloads or plug-ins required.

Generic dictionaryish object storage frontend

Chromium Portable is a portable version of the Chromium web browser, packaged in the PortableApps.com

Chatbot provide personalized, interactive communication akin to talking to a human customer service or sales rep, but at scale for much cheaper than call centers.

Stackify helps developers manage and troubleshoot application problems with integrated monitoring, metrics, errors & logs.

The Apache Knox Gateway is a REST API Gateway for interacting with Apache Hadoop clusters.

No route to host&#xD;&#xA;-&#xD;&#xA;Error message indicating that no route to a particular host could be found.

Vuex is a Flux-inspired Application Architecture for Vue.js.

Chart.js is a JavaScript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages.

A tiny, still growing, AI framework for games. It's entirely written in Java.

XSpec is a unit test and Behaviour Driven Development (BDD) framework for XSLT and XQuery.

OpenIddict aims at providing a simple and easy-to-use solution to implement an OpenID Connect server in any ASP.NET Core application.

Windows Subsystem for Linux, a compatibility layer for running Linux binary executables (in ELF format) natively on Windows 10.

Http4s is a minimal, idiomatic Scala interface for HTTP services.

Bleach is a whitelist-based HTML sanitizing Python library that escapes or strips markup and attributes.

Misaka is a CFFI-based binding for Hoedown, a fast markdown processing library written in C. It features a fast HTML renderer and functionality to make custom renderers (e.g. man pages or LaTeX).

Hoedown is a revived fork of Sundown, the Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.

The DCM/DFA Reporting and Trafficking API provides programmatic access to DoubleClick Campaign Manager (DCM) and DoubleClick Digital Marketing (DDM) Reporting. https://developers.google.com/doubleclick-advertisers/reporting/

[Twitter CLI](https://github.com/sferik/t), otherwise known as "t", is a Twitter command-line tool and also a Ruby library. It's essentially a convenient wrapper for [Twitter's API](https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public) which can be used for programmatically posting, following, generating reports, and so on.

Quick & Easy way to add document generation and reporting to any application.

NULL

Robotium Recorder is for recording and playing back of android app

In Angular 2, Components are the main way we build and specify elements and logic on the page. Questions should include code examples sufficient to reproduce the problem.

Use for bugs related to actian tools. Eg: Actian Vector, Developer Tools, etc.

NEURON simulator is a spiking neural network simulator developed in Yale University in collaboration with Human Brain Project. http://neuron.yale.edu/neuron/

Axosoft’s API is a powerful tool that allows developers to build custom applications and extend the functionality of Axosoft Suite.

Shoud be used for the django-channels project that brings asynchrony (WebSockets and HTTP2) to django.

Slider Pips is a plugin that improves the UI of jQuery UI slider widget.

The wumpus world is a simple test environment for intelligent agents.

NULL

A GUI toolkit for PowerShell - a wrapper for Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).

Low Entropy Model Specification (LEMS) is an XML-based language to specify the mechanisms of neurons and other biological systems. http://lems.github.io/LEMS/index.html

NeuroML is an XML-based, declarative model description language for computational neuroscience models. It is used to describe spiking neurons, their channels, and networks.

Android Bootstrap is an Android library which provides custom views styled according to the Twitter Bootstrap Specification. Not to be confused with the "android-bootstrap" tag, which relates to a different project of the same name.

A Spring application with a real world user module having features like signup, login, email verification, forgot password, show profile and edit profile.

quantreg is an R package that provides tools for estimation and inference of models of conditional quantiles.&#xD;&#xA;

Gherkin is a parser and compiler for the Gherkin language. It is intended to replace Gherkin 2 and be used by all Cucumber implementations to parse .feature files.

For issues related to signing tags and commits in [git]

Gentellela Admin is a free to use Bootstrap admin template based on Bootstrap 3.

Cevelop extends Eclipse CDT with many additional features: CUTE unit testing with Test Driven Development support, new refactorings and quick fixes

The Jupyter console is a terminal front-end for kernels using the Jupyter protocol. Jupyter console versions 4.0 to 5.0 are currently in use.

Workload Scheduler is an IBM Bluemix service, SaaS and on-premise software used to automate the execution of workflows across systems and applications in a hybrid environment. Workload Scheduler can trigger the execution of workflow steps based on scheduling rules, events, or API / CLI invocations. It provides capabilities to monitor, control and send notifications about the status of the managed workload.

NULL

NULL

js-joda is an immutable date and time library for javascript.

PowerApps is an enterprise service for innovators everywhere to connect, create and share business apps with your team on any device in minutes, it fundamentally transforms and accelerates how organizations build custom line of business applications.&#xD;&#xA;

YARA is a tool aimed at (but not limited to) helping malware researchers to identify and classify malware samples.

The Extractor Transformer and Loader, or ETL, module for OrientDB provides support for moving data to and from OrientDB databases using ETL processes.&#xD;&#xA;

GitKraken is a free, fully-featured, cross-platform Git desktop client for Windows, Mac & Linux.

Flowcode is a visual programming language for embedded devices.

react-day-picker is a flexible date picker component for React

Also known as the `Identity Server`

Embarcadero C++ Builder 10.1 Berlin is a C++ RAD toolset for building Windows, OSX, iOS and Android applications

Rivets is a C# implementation of App Links. It's functionally a port of Bolts, the Java/Obj-C implementation.

Use for questions regarding Lightweight Communications and Marshalling (LCM) libraries or tools.

Wordpress 4.5.2 is a security release for all previous versions. WordPress 4.5.1 and earlier are affected by a SOME vulnerability through Plupload, the third-party library WordPress uses for uploading files. WordPress versions 4.2 through 4.5.1 are vulnerable to reflected XSS using specially crafted URIs through MediaElement.js, the third-party library used for media players. MediaElement.js and Plupload have also released updates fixing these issues.

libgccjit is an API for embedding GCC inside programs and libraries.

A layout defines the visual structure for a user interface, such as the UI for an activity, fragment or app widget. This tag is used especially for tablet UI.

Amp is a non-blocking concurrency framework for PHP applications.

Bootstrap material design is a theme for twitter bootstrap based on google's material design specification.

For the last few years Netflix developers have been using self-service tools to build and deploy hundreds of applications and services to the Amazon cloud. One of those tools is Asgard, a web interface for application deployments and cloud management.

Swagger Code Generator allows the generation of API client libraries, server stubs and documentation by an (Swagger) OpenAPI specification.

WP All Import is a Wordpress plugin used to map the data in a XML or CSV file to the appropriate fields in WordPress.The plugin works with any theme, any plugin, and supports images, Custom Fields, taxonomies, Custom Post Types, dates, every other WordPress field.

For questions related to portable implementation of Unix shell commands for Node.js.

Jepsen is a Clojure library. A test is a Clojure program which uses the Jepsen library to set up a distributed system, run a bunch of operations against that system, and verify that the history of those operations makes sense.

Starscream is a conforming WebSocket (RFC 6455) client library in Swift for iOS and OSX.&#xD;&#xA;

Laspy is a python library for reading, modifying and creating .LAS LIDAR files. It was designed for python 2.7

Gepsio is a .NET-based document object model for XBRL documents. Load your XBRL document with the XbrlDocument class and work with your XBRL document exposed as a set of .NET classes with a variety of properties and methods. Loaded XBRL documents are automatically validated against the information against the XBRL specification, and exceptions are thrown when invalid XBRL documents are loaded.

Windows Server Container is an isolated place where an windows server applications can run without affecting the rest of the system and without the system affecting the application.

Cerberus is a lightweight and extensible data validation library for Python

Apply to questions regarding thoughtbot's Swift JSON parser, Argo.

Atomineer Pro Documentation is an extension for Microsoft Visual Studio that provides documentation-comment authoring facilities.&#xD;&#xA;

Parsey McParseface is the English parser at the heart of SyntaxNet, a Natural Language Understanding framework for Tensorflow.

SyntaxNet, an open-source neural network framework implemented in TensorFlow that provides a foundation for Natural Language Understanding (NLU) systems.

NULL

A recursive mutex (reentrant mutex) is a mutex which may be locked multiple times by the same process or thread, without causing a deadlock.

Jeta - Java source code generating framework.

scala and scalajs library similar to Redux/Flux for managing immutable application state on both server and client, including a connector for ReactJS in ScalaJS

Full-stack error tracking system available for any language.

GDScript is a high level, dynamically typed programming language used to create content. It uses a syntax similar to Python (blocks are indent-based and many keywords are similar).

xUnique, is a pure Python script to regenerate project.pbxproj, a.k.a the Xcode project file, and make it unique and same on any machine.

The Parallel Programming Library is a collection of classes within the Delphi Runtime Library that allow applications to run multiple tasks concurrently.

This tag should be used for questions concerning the one-sided communication mode of MPI, also known as MPI RMA.

json-server allows you to rapidly create a REST API server that delivers JSON data.

For questions about the Elasticsearch bulk API.

Solidus is an open source e-commerce system. It was forked from the Spree open source project. More information is available at https://github.com/solidusio/solidus/ and http://solidus.io/

Megaparsec is a monadic parser combinator library for Haskell with improved error reporting and indentation-aware parsing

ComponentJS is a stand-alone MPL-licensed Open Source library for JavaScript, providing a powerful run-time Component System for hierarchically structuring the User-Interface (UI) dialogs of complex HTML5-based Rich Clients

IMPEX (Import/Export) scripts can be used to get data in and out of SAP Hybris Commerce.

AutoIt Recorder (Au3Record.exe) is for capturing user interaction

Questions about Language Understanding Intelligence Service (LUIS), an API within Microsoft Cognitive Services that teaches your apps to understand commands from your users.

Use for questions about any version of Yii Rest Api, an open-source MVC framework for writing Rest API's in PHP5+

git-subrepo command "clones" an external git repo into a subdirectory of your repo. Later on, upstream changes can be pulled in, and local changes can be pushed back.

Xamarin.UITest, an Automated UI Acceptance Testing framework based on Calabash that allows programmers to write and execute tests in C# and NUnit that validate the functionality of iOS and Android Apps.

NULL

ReadyAPI! tag can be used to refer Profession software edition from SmartBear such as SoapUI NG Pro, LoadUI NG Pro, Secure, ServiceV, and API Monitoring.

Errbot is a Python chatbot, a daemon that connects to your favorite chat service (Slack, Hipchat, ...) and brings your tools into the conversation. This tag is about any questions regarding its installation, security or issues with the development of new plugins, backends or storage plugins.

Related to version 6 of GCC.

PyKafka is a cluster-aware Kafka>=0.8.2 client for Python

NULL

A package for ISO-80000 International System of Quantities.

surf is a simple web browser based on WebKit/GTK+. It is created and maintained by the suckless community.

This is the Symfony 3.1.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the symfony3 tag if your question is specific to Symfony 3.1.x — not just 3.x.

NULL

Apache Marmotta is an Open Platform for Linked Data.

NULL

NULL

thumbor is a smart imaging service. It enables on-demand crop, resizing and flipping of images.

This is the SonarQube 5.5.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the sonarqube tag if your question is specific to SonarQube 5.5.x — not just 5.x.

Use this tag for questions related to GDL programming

Used for questions related to fast 3kb alternative to React.

Questions tagged with bluesnap could be questions regarding one of the BlueSnap APIs.

Web Firm Framework is a java framework to build web applications. The advantage of using this framework is its ability to generate html and css dynamically.

Google Cardboard is a virtual reality (VR) platform developed by Google for use with a head mount for a smartphone. Named for its fold-out cardboard viewer, the platform is intended as a low-cost system to encourage interest and development in VR applications. Users can either build their own viewer from simple, low-cost components using specifications published by Google, or purchase a pre-manufactured.

Reason is a syntactic interface to OCaml with an emphasis on editing, building, and sharing code rapidly.

Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) is the new version of GCM. It inherits the reliable and scalable GCM infrastructure, plus new features. It is a cross-platform solution that let user reliably deliver and receive messages and notifications at no cost. It supports Android, iOS, Desktop Web Browsers, the Mobile web with JavaScript or WebPush and Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices.

Firebase Invites gives you the tools you need to turn your current customers into your biggest advocates. With Firebase Invites, your users can share referral codes or their favorite content over SMS or email with a touch of a button, so you can increase your app's reach and retention.

Firebase Analytics is a free, out-of-the-box analytics solution that inspires actionable insights based on app usage and user engagement. It integrates across Firebase and Google and provides you with unlimited reporting for up to 500 events that you can define using the SDK. Firebase Analytics reports help you understand clearly how your users behave, which enables you to make informed decisions regarding app marketing and performance optimizations.

MongoDB is a NoSQL database with the intent of storing billions of records. It offers the aggregation framework as a tool to manipulate and query records. This tag is intended to be used with question specific to this aggregation framework, since aggregation is too general.

The Google Sheets API lets developers write client applications that read and modify worksheets and data in Google Sheets.

Use this tag for questions related to features that are specific to version 2.2 or features introduced in this version.

TikXml is a fast xml parser for android and java.

Part of the Aurelia platform and contains an extensible HTML templating engine supporting databinding, custom elements, attached behaviors and more.

Constraint layout is a layout that uses `anchors` and `edges` of views to mark their positions relative to each other.

halcon (falcon in Spanish) is a python implementation of the Feedback Adaptive Loop for Content-Based Retrieval (FALCON)

A new type of layout available in the Android Support repository built on top of a flexible constraint system.

Phoenix framework's channels give the tools to organize the code and the communication&#xD;&#xA;among users while keeping the connection opened for live messages updates, its transportation-agnostic, so it can use different protocols, like websocket or log pulling..

Banner Student is a comprehensive student information system.

Suricata refers to the multi-threaded Snort implementation.

Firebase Notifications is a free service that enables targeted user notifications for mobile app developers. Firebase Notifications is a cross-platform solution that lets you easily deliver notifications at no cost.&#xD;&#xA;

Scribe is a tool for codifying and storing degree and program requirements

STM32 F0 are entry-level ARM Cortex-MO MCUs from ST Microelectronics.

STM32 HAL (Hardware Abstraction Layer) is a set of high-level peripheral libraries for stm32 MCUs.

Firebase Storage gives developers robust, secure uploads and downloads from Firebase SDKs by handling network interrupts and providing an intuitive authorization model. Firebase Storage is backed by Google Cloud Storage, which allows you to scale from prototype to production.&#xD;&#xA;

Firebase Crash Reporting is an indispensable tool for diagnosing and fixing problems in your mobile app.

Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.7 and not for other versions.

For questions about GNU indent, a program designed to format (or beautify) C code.

regsub is a command that matches the regular expression exp against string in TCL.&#xD;&#xA;

Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.6. For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag [apache-spark].

PushPad is a Web Push Notifications Service.

Unprocessable Entity

An API for uTorrent that is consumable from .NET and PowerShell. The API is written in C# and leverages WCF. Confirmed to work as of uTorrent 3.1.3.

The PlayStation 4 (PS4) is a home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment, formerly Sony Computer Entertainment. Announced as the successor to the PlayStation 3. The PlayStation 4 uses a processor developed by AMD in cooperation with Sony. The PlayStation 4's operating system is called "Orbis OS", based upon a customized FreeBSD 9.0.

It is a CSS with a minimal footprint. Pure is ridiculously tiny. The entire set of modules clocks in at 4.0KB* minified and gzipped. Pure builds on Normalize.css and provides layout and styling for native HTML elements, plus the most common UI components.

8th is a modern functional concatenative cross platform closed source language based on forth.

Caddy is a configurable web server written in Go that supports modern features such as HTTP/2, IPv6, Markdown, WebSockets, FastCGI, templates and more, right out of the box.

The term Caddyfile describes a text file that changes how an instance of the Caddy web server works.

Python Client for ONVIF Camera (ONVIF Client Implementation in Python)

sqlcl is a command line interface for Oracle databases.

A .NET Standard application is an application that can run on any .NET Core runtime: CoreCLR (current), .NETNative (future)

Bugfender is a cloud service to collect mobile application logs. Developers can control log sending programmatically and manually for each device. Logs are available at the Bugfender console.

SwiftyDropBox is the official Swift SDK for integrating with the Dropbox API v2.

Verilog Programming Interface, an API that allows a user to query and manipulate the simulator database.

For questions related to set of open source tools for building C/C++ NuGet packages for Windows.

Firebase Remote Config gives developers the power to optimize and customize their app on the fly to deliver the best content to their users.

The Neo4j Python driver is officially supported by Neo4j and connects to the database using the binary protocol. It aims to be minimal, while being idiomatic to Python.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Use for programming or development Android questions related to NeuraSdk.&#xD;&#xA;NeuraSdk is a library attached to a native Android project, which uses it in order to detect events for users (fe : user left home, user arrived to work, user wakes up, etc.)&#xD;&#xA;For further information and usage please go to : https://dev.theneura.com/

tag to be used for flexbox grid, a CSS library

For questions related to data grid module for AngularJS which is part of AngularUI.

Multi-provider authentication framework for PHP

Cyclops react is a comprehensive functional reactive platform for JDK8.

PostgREST serves a fully RESTful API from any existing PostgreSQL database. It provides a cleaner, more standards-compliant, faster API. It differs from the other emerging API servers by taking an opinionated stance on the full implementation of API by being operationally sound and simple to deploy, by delivering built-in security with JSON Web Tokens plus database roles, and by fully embracing the relational model.

This tag is to be used in questions about Senna.js, the Single Page Application engine.

The tracking.js library brings different computer vision algorithms and techniques into the browser environment. By using modern HTML5 specifications, it enable you to do real-time color tracking, face detection and much more with a lightweight core (~7 KB) and intuitive interface.

Horizon is a realtime, open-source backend for JavaScript apps.

Botkit is a toolkit for making bot applications. Botkit is designed to ease the process of designing and running useful, creative bots that live inside Slack, Facebook Messenger and other messaging platforms.

NULL

GitBucket is a Git platform powered by Scala with easy installation, high extensibility & github API compatibility.

Flyway 4 by Boxfuse is an open-source database migration tool. It strongly favors simplicity and convention over configuration. It is simple, focused and powerful.

Firebase Dynamic Links drive usage to your mobile application from sources where only a URL can be provided, such as SMS, email, and marketing promotions.

Mention, a media monitoring application

This is the GitLab 8.x specific tag. Use it in addition to the gitlab tag if your question is specific to GitLab 8.x — not just GitLab.

Anything related to 2sxc, the content-management module & app-engine for DNN/DotNetNuke.

Date and time handling for Rust. (also known as rust-chrono) It aims to be a feature-complete superset of the time library.

Firebase Test Lab (previously Google Cloud Test Lab) provides cloud-based infrastructure for testing Android apps. It includes a test experience integrated into Android Studio. For comprehensive testing before releasing your app, Firebase Test Lab gives you access to physical devices installed and running in a Google data center.

Tag for developing Android apps that run on Chrome OS.

NW.js (formerly node-webkit) is an app runtime based on Chromium and Node.js. You can write native apps in HTML and JavaScript with node-webkit. It also lets you call Node.js modules directly from the DOM and enables a new way of writing native applications with all Web technologies.

2-Step Verification is a method of confirming a user's claimed identity by utilizing a combination of two different components. These components may be something that the user knows, something that the user possesses or something that is inseparable from the user.

RHandsontable is a data grid component with an Excel-like appearance

android-contact-mimetype is intended to be used for queried related to Android's Contact which involves generic table that can hold any kind of contact data, as MIMETYPE helps to fetch to fetch normalized data from generic table

Brightpearl is a cloud-based business management application that incorporates inventory, accounting, CRM, POS and ecommerce.

This tag refers to a specific google service called "mymaps" `https://www.google.com/maps/d/`

Atomic design is a methodology used to construct web design systems.

NULL

Monix is a library providing asynchronous programming facilities for Scala and Scala.js.

EasyWSDL is a WSDL client generator for different languages/plateforms

NULL

For questions related to the WebView class in the WebKit framework on OS X.

Post usage questions related to OpenThread - Nest's open-source implementation of the Thread networking protocol

Symfony Process component executes commands in sub-processes.

It is an interface that allows gnuplot to be controlled from C++. Its similar to gnu plot.

GMSL stands for GNU Make Standard Library and contains many useful functions for use in Makefiles.

In image processing, a Gabor filter, named after Dennis Gabor, is a linear filter used for edge detection.

For programming questions about the Pagekit CMS.

NULL

ACRCloud is a comprehensive automatic content recognition platform with audio fingerprinting technology. Post your technical questions about ACRCloud here.

Clover is a cloud-based Android point of sale

Before you can integrate Google APIs into your application, you must have a Google Developers Console project.

CoreNLP includes a simple web API server for servicing your human language understanding needs (starting with version 3.6.0). This page describes how to set it up. CoreNLP server provides both a convenient graphical way to interface with your installation of CoreNLP and an API with which to call CoreNLP using any programming language.

A Python package to access biological web services programmatically (e.g. KEGG, BioModels, UniProt).

clojure.spec is a Clojure language feature introduced in Clojure 1.9 for defining predicative and structural data and function definitions.

React Boilerplate - A highly scalable, offline-first foundation with the best developer experience and a focus on performance and best practices.

JFrog Mission Control offers centralized control, management and monitoring for all your enterprise artifact assets globally. By providing a clear and instant picture of the relationships and flow between your different development organizations, Mission Control provides your IT and Ops leaders real-time visibility into your worldwide development, distribution, and consumption of software packages.

Related to the version 6 of SOLR search engine.

back{4}app is the hub for backend and APIs. Just focus on creating amazing user experiences and forget about complex infrastructure. You can build and host APIs for web, mobile and IoT apps, working up to 80% faster. back{4}app uses Parse Open Source framework to make it happen.

Doze mode introduced with Android 6.0 Marshmallow as a power-saving feature.

For questions relating to W3.CSS, a responsive CSS framework created by w3schools.com

ExUnit is the testing framework for elixir. It's similar to ruby's RSpec testing framework by its syntax and ideas

`Androjeta` - Java source code generating framework for `Android`

Universal Angular 2: Universal (isomorphic) javascript support for Angular2

Facebook Analytics for Apps is a free app analytics solution that offers event tracking and funnel, segmentation, and cohort analysis.

Expressive allows you to write PSR-7 middleware applications for the web like APIs, Websites, Single Page Applications and more. Expressive is part of Zend Framework.

A representation of a three-component vector.

A bundler for javascript and friends. Packs many modules into a few bundled assets. Code Splitting allows to load parts for the application on demand. Through "loaders" modules can be CommonJs, AMD, ES6 modules, CSS, Images, JSON, Coffeescript, LESS, ... and your custom stuff.

A bundler for javascript and friends. Packs many modules into a few bundled assets. Code Splitting allows to load parts for the application on demand. Through "loaders" modules can be CommonJs, AMD, ES6 modules, CSS, Images, JSON, Coffeescript, LESS, ... and your custom stuff.&#xD;&#xA;

B2B Marketing Automation by Salesforce

Accessible modal dialog component for React.JS

SADAD Payment System (SADAD) was established by the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA) to be the national Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment (EBPP) service provider for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA). The core mandate for SADAD is to facilitate and streamline bill payment transactions of end consumers through all channels of the Kingdom’s Banks.

Refers to data classes feature in Kotlin programming language.

An SCNLayer object is a Core Animation layer that renders a SceneKit scene as its content.

Ape is an R package for performing phylogenetic analyses and plotting phylogenetic trees.

Characters (e.g., ASCII, Unicode) that represent letters and numbers; also: converting between letters and numbers (i.e., integers)

Watson IoT is IBM's platform for connecting devices, building Internet Of Things applications and making sense of the data. Communications between devices and the cloud happen via the open, lightweight MQTT protocol.&#xD;&#xA;With IBM's Watson IoT Platform for Bluemix, you can connect devices, gateways and applications, allowing for analytics to be performed on the real-time data collected from your organization.&#xD;&#xA; &#xD;&#xA;

Generating random strings, numbers, or data structures, or dealing with random input (e.g., fuzz testing).

Scrapely is a library for extracting structured data from HTML pages. Given some example web pages and the data to be extracted, scrapely constructs a parser for all similar pages.&#xD;&#xA;

A bulk SMS texting package.

For questions related to family of ruby gems that provide various extensions and enhancements to ActiveRecord.

QUIC (pronounced quick) is a multiplexed stream transport protocol over UDP. It is a transport level network protocol designed at Google. The tag applies to questions related to the protocol and its implementations such as libquic. QUIC is an acronym for Quick UDP Internet Connections.

ZipArchive is a simple utility class provided for zipping and unzipping files on iOS and Mac programmatically.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

For questions related to cross-platform speech synthesis and recognition library.

NULL

Zuul is a tool for running javascript tests in the browser.

Redis running on Windows

Questions regarding Puppet 3 as opposed to other major revisions of the language.

The option type in F# is used when an actual value might not exist for a named value or variable. An option has an underlying type and can hold a value of that type, or it might not have a value.

Questions relating to using the Bitbucket Pipelines CI service.

Gets or sets the style that is used when rendering the element that the column displays for a cell that is not in editing mode.

OpenVBX is an open-source product that lets you take advantage of all of Twilio’s integrated services, like text to speech, voice transcription, voicemail forwarding, and SMS messaging. OpenVBX allows for the integration of plugins, allowing you to connect your phone system to other web services.

Questions related to the Scala plugin in IntelliJ IDEA.

ZipArchive is An Objective C class for zip/unzip on iPhone and Mac OSX&#xD;&#xA;

For questions related to Angular's wrapper for drag and drop library dragula.

Power BI Embedded lets you create visually impactful and interactive reports against your application data in Power BI Desktop—without writing any code.

The WebGL Globe is a library for visualizing data on a 3d globe in the browser

A sigmoid function is a mathematical function having an "S" shape (sigmoid curve). Often, sigmoid function refers to the special case of the logistic function defined by the formula&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;S ( t ) = 1 / (1 + e^-t)

App Engine Flexible is a cloud computing technology for hosting web applications in Google-managed data centers. Google App Engine is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) offering for Node.js, Ruby, Java, Python, Go and PHP.

Windows Hello is a Windows 10 feature, which allows you to sign in using bio-metric data like fingerprints or facial recognition. It provides enterprise-grade security without having to type in a password.

Questions related to "React Native" SDK from facebook for Android & iOS

For questions related to library of basic neural networks algorithms and learning algorithms for Python.

iOS 10 is the tenth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 13, 2016.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The ios10 tag should be used for questions specific to Apple's iOS 10 operating system. General iOS questions should use the ios tag.

svgwrite is an extension to the Python programming language which provides support for creating SVG drawings.

NULL

Node.js package for HTTP basic and digest access authentication.

This is the SonarQube 5.6.x LTS specific tag. Use it in addition to the sonarqube tag if your question is specific to SonarQube 5.6.x LTS — not just 5.x.

https://rocket.chat, an open-source web server/client chat application, featuring livechat, video conference, screensharing, file uploads, role-based permissions, native apps, and much more, licensed under MIT; Use this tag for questions regarding deployment, configuration, maintenance, architecture or general coding help. For questions about general use, not development or programming, use https://github.com/RocketChat/Rocket.Chat/issues.

NULL

Tag for the newly designed remoting protocol BOLT.

The Skype bot API from Microsoft.

To list vars configured by rbenv-vars:&#xD;&#xA;> rbenv vars &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;To set environment variables for rbenv vars, edit the file .rbenv-vars in the folder from where Ruby is called. Each line has the format:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;VARNAME=varvalue&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;When Ruby is called, ENV['VARNAME'] will yield 'varvalue'.

A GCC-specific string implementation, different from `std::string` in various respects.

Gradle script Kotlin is the ecosystem of plugins and DSL that enables Gradle build scripts to be written in Kotlin instead of Groovy. It covers all questions about

For questions related to jQuery star rating plugin.

A gem for detecting unused routes and controller actions in Rails applications. Unrelated to the traceroute command.

The Console of the Google Chrome browser is part of it's developer tools and debugger. Use this tag when asking questions about the Console API and it's usage.

Js2xml is a very simple library that converts a simple data structure into XML.

Maxeler high-performance dataflow computing systems are fully programmable using the general-purpose MaxCompiler programming tool suite.

The [L4Re](https://l4re.org/) Runtime Environment is an operating system framework for building systems with real-time, security, safety and virtualization requirements. It consists of the L4Re hypervisor/kernel and a user-level infrastructure that includes basic services such as program loading and memory management. L4Re also provides the environment for applications, including libraries and process local functionality.

Moto is a python library to easily mock out the Boto library (an AWS SDK for python).

In Xcode, you add imports of the header files you want in a “prefix header,” and enabling Precompile Prefix Header so they get precompiled. But the idea behind a prefix header is different from precompiling.

Deployment Risk Analytics is an IBM Bluemix service that collects and analyzes the results from test tools and other monitoring tools.

NULL

For questions related to python library that provides ANSII Color formatting for output in terminal.

PX4 autopilot is an open-source autopilot system. The project started in 2009 and is being further developed and used at Computer Vision and Geometry Lab of ETH Zurich (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology) and supported by the Autonomous Systems Lab and the Automatic Control Laboratory. Several vendors are currently producing PX4 autopilots and accessories.

Django-static-precompiler provides template tags and filters to compile a number of languages (such as SASS, LESS and CoffeeScript) into Javascript and CSS..

An Object Relational Mapper (ORM) for Node.js

It is a jQuery plugin with overrides the input file controls with style

The process of taking raw data and parsing, filtering, extracting, organizing, combining, cleaning or otherwise converting it into a consistent useable form for further processing or input to an algorithm or system.

NULL

For questions related to web framework for Lua and OpenResty.

This tag should be used to discuss issues related to the Swift server framework Kitura.

Polymer Web Components for use with the Firebase 3.x API. Source code hosted on Github at https://github.com/firebase/polymerfire

Ephemerons is intended for questions related to garbage collection of key/value data structures where the key might be reachable from the value

Swarm offers an innovative approach to packaging and running JavaEE applications by packaging them with just enough of the server runtime to "java -jar" your application.

QuorraJS helps to develop enterprise-grade Node.js MVC web applications using simple and clean code in a short time.

Use this tag for questions related specifically to Windows 10 IoT Core operating system. Windows 10 IoT Core is a version of the Windows 10 operating system that runs on small, Internet Of Things processors such as the RaspBerry Pi 2 or 3 as well as the DragonBoard 410C.

A JavaScript library for creating and running behavioral experiments in a web browser.

This tag is for the cloud use of the term bare-metal.

Linux system exploration and troubleshooting tool with first class support for containers.

For questions related to crowdsourcing framework (aka microtasking) written in Python to analyze or enrich data that can't be processed by machines alone.

The Strong Name tool (Sn.exe) helps sign assemblies with strong names.

Delphi Strings are the representation of string data in Delphi programming language. Those are unique to the language and have many variations to suit specific requirements. Use this tag when you need to ask questions relating to the handling of strings data in Delphi language.

Service Profiler is a performance analysis tool used by teams at Microsoft running large-scale services in the cloud, and is optimized for troubleshooting issues in production.

For questions regarding the Firebase JobDispatcher library. It is available for Android developers:&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/firebase/firebase-jobdispatcher-android&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A version for iOS developers is WIP:&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/firebase/firebase-jobdispatcher-ios

For questions related to Android service that is used to schedule tasks for Google Cloud Messaging.

A software development platform used to create engineering applications including CAD. The main idea is to make core graphics technology accessible to software developers allowing them to focus on application development.

NULL

Use this tag for the questions related to TIBCO BusinessConnect product.

A single-class php library to upload images

This is android studio feature to record Espresso test from simulator or emulator .&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;test recorder that can capture live interactions with an app and generate usable Espresso test code. This feature is so simple it hardly requires more explanation than that.

This tag is for Kubernetes persistent volume related questions.

An associative container that contains pairs of key-value elements in which multiple values can be mapped to the same key. Descends from unordered_map data structure and have similar complexity in operations.

For questions related to Zendesk's REST API.

jemalloc is a general purpose malloc implementation that emphasizes&#xD;&#xA;fragmentation avoidance and scalable concurrency support.

The Polymer CLI is a command line interface for building, managing and deploying Polymer applications.

Always Encrypted is a feature of Microsoft SQL Server 2016 and Azure SQL Database, designed to protect sensitive data. It allows client applications to encrypt sensitive data without revealing the encryption keys to the database engine, so the data cannot be accessed either in flight or at rest.

The Data Management API provides a unified and consistent way to access data across A360, Fusion 360, and the Object Storage Service.

For questions related to Autodesk's developer platform.

Super Stack is platform that lets digital content producers charge users for each session. Typically prices range from $0.01 - $0.50.

OGS.js is a JavaScript library based on OpenSceneGraph concepts

For questions related to Ionic Framework's cloud platform.

Use this tag for questions specific to the Express version of the 2016 version of Microsoft SQL Server. The Express version is an entry level, free version of SQL Server 2016 with license restrictions such as the maximum size of a database and the number of concurrent users.

For questions related to pipeline-based CI

The Model Derivative API enables users to represent and share their designs in different formats, as well as to extract valuable metadata. Offers translation of design into different formats (such as STL and OBJ), also prepares for web viewing, extract properties, geometry parts and thumbnails.

For questions related to RxJava extension for Android to take images using camera and gallery.

For questions related to automation and deployment tool written in JavaScript.

django-viewflow is for questions related to the viewflow library that provides workflow features for django web apps. For questions about the android viewflow library use the tag `viewflow`

Replace build blocks in HTML. Like useref but done right.

For question related to Node.js module httpify.

Used for questions related to python library for using matplotlib from .NET programs (e.g. C#).

Bodymovin is an AfterEffects extension that exports animations to SVG or Canvas. Questions related to it should deal with implementation on the JavaScript/SVG/Canvas side, not about AfterEffects itself

Forest admin is a universal plug-and-play admin interface designed to manage application data and business operations.

Pyomo is a Python-based open-source software package that supports a diverse set of optimization capabilities for formulating, solving, and analyzing optimization models.

NULL

Related to Apacke Kafka steams.

Tag for Apache Kafka version 0.10 . Apache Kafka is publish-subscribe messaging rethought as a distributed commit log.

Questions related to the Exception `BadSQLGrammarException` which will be thrown if SQL query syntax was wrong.

WOA is an architectural sub style of service-oriented architecture that integrates systems and users via a web of globally linked hypermedia based on the architecture of the Web

NULL

For questions relating to Paillier public key crypto systems.

Chronicle Map is an efficient, low latency in-memory Key Value Store for the JVM with optional persistence to disk.

Text file format to represent binary data. For details please see here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_HEX

Used for dataset questions related to Kite Software Development Kit.

Novelty detection is the identification of new or unknown data that a machine learning system has not been trained with and was not previously aware of, with the help of either statistical or machine learning based approaches.

In data mining, anomaly detection (also outlier detection) is the identification of items, events or observations which do not conform to an expected pattern or other items in a dataset.

org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException is thrown when a BeanFactory encounters an error when attempting to create a bean from a bean definition.

This tag must be used for questions related to comScore.com (web/mobile analytic system)

NSLogger is an NSLog replacement library.

The Hadoop NameNode is the centerpiece of an HDFS file system. It keeps the directory tree of all files in the file system, and tracks where across the cluster the file data is kept.

watchOS 3 is the third version of Apple's operating system for Apple Watch and is the successor to watchOS. It was announced at the company's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 13, 2016, and will be released this fall.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag only for questions related to watchOS 3.

The thirteenth release of macOS, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.&#xD;&#xA;It is the first Mac software branded as macOS, which was OS X previously.

SiriKit is an API exposed by Apple for integrating developer applications with Siri.

Xcode 8 is an IDE created by Apple for the development of macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications.

Archaius is a configuration management library with a focus on Dynamic Properties sourced from multiple configuration stores.

Questions related to the command

A UNNotificationRequest is a new Cocoa Touch notification object introduced with iOS 10.

NULL

A React.js static site generator.

rvg is a set of graphics devices that produces Vector Graphics outputs.

Pug – robust, elegant, feature rich template engine for Node.js. This project was formerly known as "Jade."

Usage of Kotlin together with other languages, most notably Java.&#xD;&#xA;e.g. Calling Kotlin functions from Java, or using Java classes from Kotlin.

Rider is a cross-platform (Windows, Liunux & MacOS) IDE for the .Net/Mono family of languages by created by JetBrains.&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag if your questions are specific to using Rider or are specific to Rider's behavior. Rider Troubleshooting and bugs are off-topic.

ebcli is the short version of Elastic Beanstalk Command Line Interface. This CLI helps people to deploy to AWS Elastic Beanstalk easily.

OL3-Google-Maps is an open-source library designed to let users add Google Maps layers to an OpenLayers 3 map.

In color reproduction, including computer graphics and photography, the gamut, or color gamut /ˈɡæmət/, is a certain complete subset of colors.

For questions about Eclipse Sirius which is a tool for developing graphical modeling workbenches using Eclipse tools such as EMF and GMF.

Fiware-cep refers to the PROTON-CEP enabler, a Java implementation of a complex event processor service including rules editor and a proactive event processor as a web service having REST API binding developed as part of the FIWARE platform.

Question related to the annotation `@ImplementedBy` - which is used to bind an implementation to an interface in Google Guice for dependency injection.

An SCNTechnique object describes a rendering technique that uses one or more additional drawing passes, each of which uses a custom OpenGL shader program to augment or postprocess SceneKit’s rendering of the scene.

DB Solo - The SQL Query Tool is a cross-platform database development and management tool with support for all major DBMS products. When asking a question related to DB Solo, you would usually also want to tag your question with the specific DBMS implementation (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server, etc.) you are using the tool with.

DeferredResult provides an alternative to using a Callable for asynchronous request processing. While a Callable is executed concurrently on behalf of the application, with a DeferredResult the application can produce the result from a thread of its choice.&#xD;&#xA;

HttpFS is a server that provides a REST HTTP gateway supporting all HDFS File System operations (read and write). And it is inteoperable with the webhdfs REST HTTP API.

It is the knockout js plugin which can be used like utility plugin.

OpenSlide is a C library that provides a simple interface to read whole-slide images (also known as virtual slides).

Python client library for Apache Cassandra

Use this tag for questions about the C asprintf and vasprintf extension functions for memory-safe data formatting.

A Watson Developer Cloud service that combines a number of cognitive technologies to easily simulate a more human-like conversational interface.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;See http://www.ibm.com/watson/developercloud/conversation.html for details

Yeoman generator for AngularJS with GulpJS

CodeEffects is a .NET business rules engine that implements a web-based rule editor and a lambda-based rule evaluator classes. The editor return user-defined rules in XML format. The evaluator compiles these XML rules into native IL objects and evaluates them against user-supplied data.

Edeliver is based on deliver and provides a bash script to build and deploy Elixir and Erlang applications and perform hot-code upgrades.

Adafruit Industries is an open-source hardware company founded by Limor Fried in 2005.

Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2016 is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server. Use this tag specifically for questions related to Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2016.

For questions regarding code that uses the Qt Quick Controls 2 module. That is, "import QtQuick.Controls 2.x".

Tag for questions related to MySQL's socket authentication plugin.

The google (android) specific api of location-services, which is used to determine your approximate location.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Your location could be determined using data from cellular, Wi-Fi or Global Positioning System (GPS) networks.

NULL

Autojump is a cd command that learns - easily navigate directories from the command line.

CloudRail is a free software library that abstracts multiple APIs from different providers into a single & universal interface.

Microsoft Azure Container Service (ACS) optimizes the configuration of popular open source tools and technologies specifically for Azure. It allows you to easily create and host clusters of Docker containers in Microsoft Azure using either Docker Swarm or DC/OS for cluster orchestration.

H2O is an optimized HTTP server with support for HTTP/1.x and HTTP/2.

> Rust has another data type that’s like a hybrid between a tuple and a struct, called a ‘tuple struct’. Tuple structs have a name, but their fields don't. They are declared with the struct keyword, and then with a name followed by a tuple&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;from https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/structs.html#tuple-structs

The GOPATH environment variable is used to specify directories outside of $GOROOT that contain the source for Go projects and their binaries.

CallKit is a framework for iOS that lets VoIP apps integrate with the iPhone UI, and has app extensions that enable call blocking and caller identification.

NULL

NULL

GMaven Plus is a rewrite of GMaven, which integrates Groovy into the Maven build process

Confluent Inc. is the Palo Alto-based software company founded by the team that built Apache Kafka at LinkedIn and that scaled Kafka to accommodate over 1 trillion messages per day.

DiffSharp is a functional automatic differentiation (AD) library.

Object-relational mapping packaged within the Phalcon PHP framework.

scrapy-splash is a scrapy plugin to integrate Scrapy framework with Splash - the JavaScript rendering service

SortedContainers provides sorted container types, written in pure-Python and fast as C-extensions.

NULL

SOAJS is an open source framework that empowers building fast the API-nization layer between the product frontend (UI/UX) and backend (business logic).

This tag is related to Reactabular, a table library for React.js.

UserFrosting is a user management system for PHP that works out of the box and builds on top of modern components and standards.

Imperva is a provider of cyber and data security products. With an integrated security platform, Imperva data center security provides tools to combat attack, theft, and fraud, mitigate risk, and streamline regulatory compliance. Imperva is headquartered in Redwood Shores, California.

angular-moviemasher sits between moviemasher.js and moviemasher.rb, providing an editing GUI and simple CMS middleware layer in Movie Masher architecture.

Movie Masher is a collection of open source projects that add video editing capabilities to your website.

NULL

phpbrew is used to build and install multiple version php(s) in your $HOME directory.

NULL

Moreutils is a Linux package with a set of command line tools

Use this tag for questions about the Vladivostok Router, Angular's default router.

Jenkins JIRA Trigger is a Jenkins plugin that triggers a build when a certain condition is matched in JIRA. For more information, go to: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/JIRA+Trigger+Plugin&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

FastAdapter is Android library that provides more convenient interface built on top of Android's adapters, which should increase development speed.

Used for questions related to selenium framework's geckodriver, which is used for Gecko-based browsers.

NULL

Use this tag for questions about Audiomack's API for retrieving information about artists, tracks, and audio streams.

Use this tag for questions related to Apple's CCHMac HMAC algorithm interfaces.

NULL

Use this tag for questions about AngularJS directive and filters for Moment.JS.

Originally refers to the authors of book "Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software" whom are ErichGamma, RichardHelm, RalphJohnson, and JohnVlissides (aka the Gang-of-Four). Although the term is also used interchangeably as a reference to the collection of design patterns presented in the book.

Xonsh is a Python-ish, BASHwards-looking shell language and command prompt.

A spider chart (also known as a polar or radar chart) is a graphical method of displaying multivariate data in the form of a two-dimensional chart of three or more quantitative variables represented on axes starting from the same point. The relative position and angle of the axes is typically uninformative.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;(Modified from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radar_chart)

The Juno IDE for the Julia programming language

BOARD International S.A. is a Business Intelligence and Corporate Performance Management software vendor known for its BOARD toolkit. The company is headquartered in Lugano, Switzerland, where it was founded in 1994

NULL

For questions related to Node.js web server framework hapi.

NULL

For questions related to Facebook's live API for viewing/streaming live videos and also creating stories based on them.

An architecture / assembly language created for teaching.

For questions related to PostgreSQL driver for Elixir.

GWT (formerly the Google Web Toolkit) is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications. Its goal is to enable productive development of high-performance web applications without requiring the developer to be an expert in browser quirks, XMLHttpRequest, and JavaScript. GWT is used by many products at Google, including the new versions of AdWords and Groups. It's open source and completely free (Apache 2.0 licensed).

IOzone is a command-line filesystem benchmark tool for POSIX OS

The GitLab API is the api for the GitLab Community Edition.

Project Fi is a mobile virtual network operator owned by Google, providing wireless phone and data services using Wi-Fi and cellular networks belonging to Sprint, T-Mobile, and U.S. Cellular.

Questions pertaining to Square's Cleanse Dependency Injection Framework for Swift https://github.com/square/Cleanse

The signed apk is simply the unsigned apk that has been signed via the JDK jarsigner tool.

Use this tag for questions relating to friendship connections in social networks.

NULL

NULL

For questions related to second generation of koa framework, which has middleware function signature completely changed in favor of es2015 / es2016.

Node.js crypto module provides cryptographic functionality that includes a set of wrappers for OpenSSL's hash, HMAC, cipher, decipher, sign and

Directory upload can refer to action or function of traversing and sending directory data from a local system to a remote system such as a server or another client with the intent that the remote system should store a copy of the data being transferred, or the initiation of such a process.

ReactiveProperty is an open-source .NET library that provides convenience methods to convert IObservable objects and INotifyPropertyChanged events to properties that implement INotifyPropertyChanged, for the purpose of implementing databinding between a View and ViewModel in MVVM code. The library provides methods to assist in the creation of bindable Properties, Commands, and Collections. It is an alternative to the similarly name library, ReactiveUI.

Use for questions on android configuration qualifiers like -hdpi, -xhdpi, -v21, -landscape, ...

AngularFire is the officially supported AngularJS binding for Firebase. The combination of Angular and Firebase provides a three-way data binding between your HTML, your JavaScript, and the Firebase database.

The red zone is stack space that's safe from asynchronous modification even though it's not reserved the normal way.

C++17 is the name of the C++ standard. It builds upon the previous c++14 standard, improving the core language and standard library and adding some features.

The basic image handling class on watchOS.It is Available in watchOS 2.0 and later.&#xD;&#xA;

This tag is used for Google's Identity Toolkit(gitkit) library for Node server, which can be found at&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/googlesamples/identity-toolkit-node

biweekly is an iCalendar library written in Java.

ArcGIS Runtime SDKs help you build and deploy native applications to a variety of popular platforms and devices like Android, iOS, Java, .Net, OS X, Qt.

Use this tag for Apple speech recognition api, that was introduce with iOS 10

Pastry is an overlay and routing network for the implementation of a distributed hash table (DHT) similar to Chord.

Xamarin DataPages provide an API to quickly and easily bind a data source to pre-built views. List items and detail pages will automatically render the data, and can be customized using themes.

Use this tag if your question is about IJobFactory interface or IJob class of Quartz Enterprise Scheduler .NET

WooCommerce REST API is fully integrated with the WordPress REST API since WC version 2.6+, allows WC data to be created, read, updated, and deleted using requests in JSON format and using **WordPress REST API** Authentication methods and standard HTTP verbs…

The Podfile is a specification that describes the dependencies of the targets of one or more Xcode projects. The file should simply be named Podfile.

NULL

A unified sensing platform enabling applications to be aware of multiple aspects of a users context, while managing battery and memory health.

IBM IoT for Automotive is a Bluemix service for retrieving, managing, and analyzing big data from connected vehicles. The analytics of IoT for Automotive provide insights into driving behavior, vehicle location, and other automotive-related activities and events of interest.

SPARQL Inferencing Notation (SPIN) is a W3C Member Submission that specifies a SPARQL-based rule and constraint language for the Semantic Web. SPIN is also a mechanism to represent reusable SPARQL queries as templates and to define new SPARQL functions.

DEC Alpha, aka Alpha AXP.

VOLTTRON is an open source agent development and deployment platform designed to enable researchers to interact with devices and appliances without having to write drivers themselves

EclairJS Node provides Node.js language bindings for Apache Spark.

Middlewares which are created for asp.net core (former asp 5).

NULL

Questions regards viewComponents which were introduced with asp core

sparkapi is a package providing core RPC protocol extracted from SparkR

CardView is a widget for implementing 'card-styled' views in Android.

Tag for questions in relation to Canoo WebTest, open source automated testing tool for web applications. http://webtest.canoo.com/.

scala-bindgen is a binding generator which allows C header files to be converted to bindings for Scala Native. More info: http://github.com/frgomes/scala-native

Dependency Injection Framework for Unity3D

NULL

Joomla V 3.5 is the latest stable release of Joomla with new features including : Support for PHP 7, TinyMCE Drag & Drop Images, Update Email plugin, Insert Modules into Articles... Use it with "Joomla Tag" as additional tag on the specific questions related with this version.

nvgraph is a library provided by NVIDIA as part of the CUDA toolkit distribution, designed to aid in solving graph analytics problems using GPUs

For questions about the Databricks for use with the open source Apache Spark project.

NULL

This is an R package that helps you create HTML tables.

The NETCONF protocol defines a simple remote procedure call mechanism through which a network device can be managed, configuration data information can be retrieved, and new configuration data can be uploaded and manipulated. Use this tag for questions related to the NETCONF protocol (of any version) and tools that leverage it.

exFAT is a Microsoft file system optimized for flash memory such as USB flash drives and SD cards.

Urbit is a clean-slate system software stack defined as a deterministic functional computer. The standard platform includes the Ames encrypted P2P network (including addressing and PKI), the Avro operating system, and the Hoon language, on top of the core Nook combinator interpreter.

d3v4 is the version 4.0 of d3.js, a small, open-source JavaScript data visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data.

findall/3 is a built-in predicate of ISO Prolog.

NULL

Firebase App Indexing allows users to re­-engage with installed apps through a seamless integration with Google Search. If users have your app already, when they search for related content, they’ll be given the option to launch your app directly from the search results.

Android App Widgets Collections are custom views that can be placed on the home screen of an Android device that are in the form of collections such as ListView, GridView, StackView, and AdapterViewFlipper.

nginx rewrite module is a default module that implements if-statements, rewrite directives and allows URL manipulation in nginx with the help of PCRE regular expressions (it's what mod_rewrite is to Apache)

Android 7.0 Nougat (API level 24), formerly known as "Android N".

A Javascript library to make HTML tables sortable by clicking on their headers.

BenchmarkDotNet is a powerful .NET library for measuring absolute and relative code performance. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/PerfDotNet/BenchmarkDotNet

DragonFly Mail Agent aka dma(8) is a Mail Transfer Agent (MTA) originating from DragonFly BSD; use this tag, do not use the dma tag, which is not related to dma(8) from DragonFly (the dma tag is intended for bus_dma(9))

NULL

Omise (https://omise.co) is a payment service provider based in Asia.

a .NET binding for Urho3d game engine

Built in jQuery function wrapInner()

HP Vertica Place provides functions that allows you to manipulate complex two-dimensional spatial objects.These functions follow the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Text::Xlsate is a fast, flexible and, highly extensible template processing system for Perl, similar to Template Toolkit.

Heroku SSL is an SSL feature from Heroku that uses Server Name Indication (SNI), an extension of the TLS protocol, that allows Heroku to terminate SSL on its router.

Elastix is a toolbox for rigid and nonrigid registration of images based on ITK. Not to be confused with the Elastix Unified Communication Server.&#xD;&#xA;

Internet Data Exchange (IDX) is a software API used to publish Real Estate MLS listings data to the web.

IDXBroker is a Real Estate SEO site for IDX integration.

iOS 9.3.2 was released on May 16, 2016; the update restored the ability to use Night Shift and Low Power Mode simultaneously, fixed a Bluetooth issue for iPhone SE, fixed various bugs, and improved speed and security.

https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms187342.aspx

The Payola (payola-payments) rubygem is for accepting payments with stripe in Rails applications.

sparklyr is an alternative R interface for Apache Spark

Questions and discussions on programming {tag:react-native} using {tag:clojurescript}.

Inbound Security Rules controls the inbound network traffic to the Network Security Group in Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform

An open-source implementation of the server-side SMTP protocol. Part of the OpenBSD project.

Use this tag for questions specific to the 2.2 version of Orient DB of Orient Technologies.

The *Clean Architecture* is a software architecture proposed by Robert C. Martin (or also better known as Uncle Bob). This architecture It is similar to the *Onion-*/*Hexagonal-*/*DCI-* Architecture* proposed by their respective authors. The base of this architecture is to follow and obey rules of the *The Dependency Rule*.

The Java Development Kit (JDK) is an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation

Homomorphism is intended for questions related to transforming code or data while maintaining its functionality or metadata

This tag is for content related to the .NET/Xamarin version of Realm.io (the portable database engine).

The InternetExplorerDriver is a standalone server which implements WebDriver's wire protocol.

RESTCONF is an HTTP (RFC7230) based protocol for configuring data defined in &#xD;&#xA;YANG (RFC6020) using the datastore concepts defined in NETCONF (RFC6241). Use&#xD;&#xA;this tag for questions related to the RESTCONF protocol and tools that leverage&#xD;&#xA;it.

Nagios XI is

A web application firewall is an appliance, server plugin, or filter that applies a set of rules to an HTTP conversation.

RadProgressArea is a telerik component that shows the progress of for instance file uploads. It is however configurable to use for custom progress.

AODL stands for [An Open Document Library](https://wiki.openoffice.org/wiki/AODL), and is a .NET library for manipulating ODF format documents. The library is maintained by the Apache Software Foundation.

hls.js is a JavaScript library which implements an HTTP Live Streaming client

Use this tag for questions about the Postfix mail server.

Poloniex is a US exchange trading in numerous virtual currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Dogecoin.The tag should be used when referring to Poloniex API - https://poloniex.com/support/api/, independently of the implementation.

GeoMesa is an open-source, distributed, spatio-temporal database built on top of different cloud data storage systems such as Accumulo, HBase, Cassandra, and Kafka. It aims to provide spatial querying and data manipulation functionalities to those databases in the same fashion as PostGIS does to Postgres.

A Lua interpreter written entirely in C# for the .NET, Mono and Unity platforms.

Questions related to the Open Source Virtual Reality (OSVR) software libraries or the OSVR Hacker Development Kit (HDK)

RxDOS is an MS-DOS clone whose source is publicly available, although its use appears to be restricted.

Questions regarding the `dashrule` LaTeX package

WAMP refers to a web development software stack utilizing Windows, Apache Web Server, MySQL database, and the PHP programming language. Compare with LAMP.&#xD;&#xA;This tag is specifically for the 64 bits version.

Django Subdomains is a package aimed at allowing subdomains to be used with the django webframework

JSweet is a Java to JavaScript transpiler that allows sharing code between client and server.

OPAL is an OPen, extensible Analysis Library for Java bytecode written in Scala.

tcomb is a library for node.js and the browser which allows you to check the types of JavaScript values at runtime.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

Questions pertaining to using julia-lang to interface with graphics processing units (GPUs)

Erlang Native Implemented Function

R Pacakge for working with Google Maps API

Java version of general RPC (Remote Procedure Call) framework over HTTP/2.

Habitat is an open source project by Chef, which handles the build, packaging and deployment process for applications. Further features include secret management and service discovery.

The Spring for Apache Kafka (spring-kafka) project applies core Spring concepts to the development of Kafka-based messaging solutions.

Reappt is a high speed, high capacity, low latency pub/sub real-time messaging server for the cloud.

Sortable is a minimalist JavaScript library for reorderable drag-and-drop lists

This tag should be used for questions about POSIX thread cleanup functionality. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;See http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/pthread_cleanup_push.3.html

JSefa (Java Simple exchange format api) is a simple library for stream-based serialization of java objects to XML, CSV, and FLR (extensible to other formats) and back again using an iterator-style interface independent of the serialization format. The mapping between java object types and types of the serialization format

FS2: Functional Streams for Scala

Electron Builder is an open source solution for distribution and auto-update of Electron NPM apps.

Questions about compile-time techniques preventing calls on non-existing (void, also known as, null) targets in object-oriented languages. This includes usage of attachment annotations for types, problems with applying reattachment and access rules in void-safe code, issues with code patterns ensuring that particular expressions are attached to existing objects at run-time.

Gjallarhorn

The 3D Print API allows developers to add 3D print preparation capabilities, such as slicing and repairing models, to any application.

OpenCL C is a programming language based on C99 that is used for writing kernel code to be used in OpenCL.

Laravel 5.3 is the current version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell. It was released on August 23, 2016. Use it in addition to the laravel-5 tag if your question is specific to Laravel 5.3.

Flatpak is the new framework for desktop applications on Linux

NULL

protobuf.js is a pure JavaScript implementation of the Google's Protocol Buffers.

TypeScript is a language for application-scale JavaScript. TypeScript adds optional types, classes, and modules to JavaScript. TypeScript supports tools for large-scale JavaScript applications for any browser, for any host, on any OS. TypeScript compiles to readable, standards-based JavaScript.

GreenhouseCI is a cloud based continuous integration and delivery service for iOS/Android/Ionic/Cordova apps

NULL

A .NET based NoSQL database which supports SQL based querying.

Useful for uploading and deploying things. Deprecated in favor of vinyl-ftp.

Sitecore is a leading customer experience management platform. uCommerce is a feature-rich e-commerce platform that can be implemented into Sitecore solutions. Use this tag for questions related to uCommerce integrated into Sitecore solutions.

PHPExcel is an excel file generating library developed using PHP. PHPExcel-1.8.0 is the latest stable release with many fixes from the earlier 1.7.x version. The major fix is in the password protection update to support in new versions of MS Excel

SWI-Prolog for Sharing, or SWISh for short, is an online version of SWI-Prolog

React components for Leaflet maps.

Use this tag for anything related to code written in the GOLD language using the eWAM IDE. This includes but is not limited to eWAM, wFramework applications wInterface code wMigrate code. Anything written in the General Object Oriented Language for Developers using eWAM.

An interface in the GNU C library for parsing unix-style argument vectors.

Certbot is the official client used to issue Let's Encrypt SSL certificates. This tag is for the certbot client itself. For questions regarding SSL in general, use the [ssl] tag.

Sencha fashion is the SCSS-to-CSS compiler used for ExtJS6

Enqueue a block for execution at the specified time.

Mesos allows dynamic sharing of cluster resources between Kubernetes and other first-class Mesos frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, and Chronos. &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Kubernetes on Mesos runs on-top of that and therefore allows you to easily move Kubernetes workloads from one of these environments to the other.

Malmo is an open-source cross-language AI framework built off of the game Minecraft, consisting of a Minecraft Forge mod installed on the game and a separate application framework. The framework supports the following languages: Python 2.7, Java, C++, C#/VB .NET, Atari ALE, and Lua.

Docker for Mac is a native Mac application that uses xhyve to virtualize the Docker Engine environment and Linux kernel-specific features for the Docker daemon.

plastiq is a framework for building dynamic user interfaces in HTML.

IMS/TM is the transaction-monitor-component of IBM's Information Management System (IMS). Formerly known as IMS/DC (IMS Data Communications).

A gulp-friendly node-inspector wrapper.&#xD;&#xA;Perfect for development.

A set of Angular 2 directives based on version 4+ of Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS.

Predix is the operating system for the Industrial Internet. Predix is a General Electric Product

Windows Maps is a mapping platform provided by Microsoft, offering 3D data, offline maps, streetside imagery, POIs and many other location-aware features. It powers many Microsoft as well as third-party UWP apps.

HTML5 animations created using http://www.animatron.com

Pokémon GO is a free-to-play location-based augmented reality mobile game developed by Niantic. It was released in July 2016 for iOS and Android devices. Use this tag for questions which may arise when developing FOR Pokémon GO. This tag is NOT for support questions about using the Pokémon GO official app.

Tag to be used for Pentaho Data Integration (all versions). Pentaho Data Integration prepares and blends data to create a complete picture of your business that drives actionable insights.

Apacke Kafka Connect is a tool for scalable and reliable streaming data between Apache Kafka and other data systems.

 LSC is an Open source application to synchronize information about users and other directory entities between an LDAP directory and any data source, including any database with a JDBC connector, another LDAP server, flat files, REST API

This tag applies to everything around the microscopic traffic simulation SUMO. This includes network conversion, routing problems and external interfacing especially using TraCI. It is also connected to tags like veins, simulation and routing.

Legacy version of GStreamer framework which is still in use because of lacking support of some drivers or older python bindings or just because the legacy code is written for it.

A node.js module for interacting with the Twitter API.

google-cloud-nl indicates a question relates to the Google Cloud NL API. The NL API provides natural language understanding technologies including syntax, entity recognition and linking, and sentiment analysis.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Questions may relate to the API (such as how to call the API or technical issues with using it) or with the annotations (uses for them, quality issues, or ideas for new annotations).

Google Cloud Speech API enables developers to convert audio to text by applying powerful neural network models in an easy to use API

A Gated-Check-in is a TFS feature that allows code submitted to a TFS source control system to be built and validated before being accepted for submission to the source control. If the build fails a gated-check-in, the check-in is rejected.

A modular multilingual Content Management System built with the Laravel PHP framework.

Use this tag for questions about DB2 for z/OS, the IBM mainframe operating system. Please also tag such questions with the more generic [db2] tag. There are enough differences between DB2 for z/OS and DB2 for other platforms to warrant a separate tag.

Kaitai Struct is a DSL (domain-specific language)

D3.js is a small, open-source JavaScript data visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data. The newest version of d3.js version 4, saw some major refactoring of the code.

BigInsight Examples refers to a github repository that contains example projects to help you quickly get started with BigInsights. It should take you less than 5 minutes to run any of the example projects against a BigInsights cluster.

OCILIB is an open source and cross platform Oracle Driver that delivers efficient access to Oracle databases.

A Koa application is an object containing an array of middleware generator functions which are composed and executed in a stack-like manner upon request

A nodejs based complete solution for maintaining the stubs for your project

Kaa is a 100% open-source (Apache 2.0) middleware platform for rapid development of IoT applications and connected products.

angular-permission is a simple angular library to manage roles and permissions based access control for angular applications.

For developers on macOS interested in creating Swift applications that span both client and server-side code, IBM Cloud Tools for Swift simplifies the management and deployment of server-side assets.

Questions about creating webhooks for telegram bots in PHP.

Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) Data from between homogeneous or heterogeneous data sources within Node.js applications.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

For use with special handling of queries for such things as ranking, grouping, and segmenting. The use of

CPN Tools is a tool for editing, simulating, and analyzing Colored Petri nets. Use this tag for questions related to use of this tool. See http://cpntools.org/ for more information.

NULL

libigl is a C++11 library for geometry processing, computer graphics, linear algebra and optimization.

Validator component for Vue.js

Ijson is an iterative JSON parser with a standard Python iterator interface.

Phake is a mocking framework for PHP. It allows for the creation of objects that mimic a real object in a predictable and controlled manner.

Highcharts Convert is a PhantomJS script that converts SVG or JSON into chart images using the Hibernate library.

Archiver.js is a streaming interface for archive generation with JavaScript

Kodein is a dependency injection framework for Kotlin

NULL

redux-observable is an RxJS 5-based middleware for action side effects in Redux using "Epics"

iText 7 is a complete rewrite - with a different API - of the iText library (previous version 5) for creating and manipulating PDF documents in Java and .NET.

This tag refer to apple documentation, it's helpful to add it to the questions related with iOS development or any Frameworks/Service/API of Apple platforms documentation.

The BBC micro:bit is a small but yet powerful learning computer for kids and grown ups.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://microbit.co.uk

StyleCI is the PHP Coding Style Continuous Integration Service.

SAS Studio is a SAS thin client that runs in a web browser and allows a user to connect to a SAS server and execute SAS code.

NULL

NULL

This mode helps a developer to identify potential bugs in an app.

Autobahn|JS is a subproject of Autobahn and provides an open-source implementation of The Web Application Messaging Protocol (WAMP) .&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;WAMP runs on top of WebSocket and adds asynchronous Remote Procedure Calls and Publish & Subscribe.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Autobahn|JS runs in the browser as well as in Node.js

FlexyPool is a connection pool monitoring framework that allows you to get a better insight into how the pool is being used.

JSCL is a Common Lisp implementation that compiles to Javascript.

xstream is a functional reactive stream library for JavaScript. xstream is tailored for Cycle.js or applications with limited use of subscribe.

The second version of the Vue.js library. Vue.js icreates data-driven user interfaces with a simple and flexible API.

The Cloud CMS for Jekyll: Build static or Jekyll websites, have your team and clients update inline.

NULL

If you're facing problem with NativeBase components, do use this tag.

deep-diff is a javascript/node.js module providing utility functions for determining the structural differences between objects and includes some utilities for applying differences across objects.

NULL

OpenVR is an API and runtime that allows access to VR hardware from multiple vendors without requiring that applications have specific knowledge of the hardware they are targeting.

Lightweight logging framework for Kotlin. A wrapper for slf4j with Kotlin extensions.

Sonar-Gerrit Jenkins plugin

A JavaScript library used to make testing with redux easier, with support for redux async action creators and middleware.

LGI is gobject-introspection based dynamic Lua binding to GObject based libraries. It allows using GObject-based libraries directly from Lua, most notably GTK+.

GroundDB is a fast and thin layer providing Meteor offline database and methods - Taking cloud data to the ground.

NULL

Cross-platform .NET Core command line toolchain.

iron-data-table is a Web Component for displaying data as a table or grid. Built on top of iron-list using Polymer.

Pyzo is a free and open-source computing environment based on Python

Seq is a log server that runs on a central machine. Applications internally write structured events with a framework like Serilog, which sends them across the network to Seq, which displays and makes them searchable.

parent-selector is currently a CSS utopia of being able to write selectors where the parent's style depends on the child's style

NULL

The .Net version of the DMCC APIs provided by Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services (AE Services) enables applications to access the physical device, media and basic third-party call control capabilities provided by Avaya Communication Manager as an evolution server.

Teletext (or broadcast teletext) is a television information retrieval service. Teletext sends pages of text and simple geometric shapes from mosaic blocks to a VBI decoder by use of a number of reserved vertical blanking interval lines that together form the dark band dividing pictures horizontally on the television screen.

An HTTP client/server library for C&#xD;&#xA;

The 'intuit-wasabi' tag is used to track questions related to the open-sourced Wasabi A/B Testing Platform (https://github.com/intuit/wasabi) project. Please submit any questions related to usage, functionality, and software development of Wasabi.

Libcurl bindings for Node.js. Use this tag for questions related to the module usage.&#xD;&#xA;

Use this tag for questions that has to do with the several SDKs and command-line tools, provided my Microsoft Azure.

The CS50 course is a self-study introductory computer science course from Harvard.

NULL

NULL

Jus is a flexible and easy HTTP/REST client library for Java and Android.

Extending Android's Application class can be very useful to maintain global state, initialise a module, and so on, before any other part of your code runs.

Mantra is an application architecture for Meteor.

mailmap is a git mechanism to re-map authors to commits

The extended choice parameter Jenkins plugin adds extended functionality to Choice parameter.&#xD;&#xA;

ODBC driver for connecting to QuickBooks data

Boomla is a simple platform for building websites. It is a standalone alternative to the entire LAMP stack. It has no external dependencies, it provides its own filesystem, webserver and JavaScript interpreter. It also comes with built-in version control capabilities.

Formerly known as Project roslyn.

NULL

WSO2 App Manager is a complete solution for publishing and managing all aspects of an application and its lifecycle.

for questions about SystemML's declarative large-scale machine learning

Files with .properties extension are mainly used in Java related technologies to store the configurable parameters of an application. They can also be used for storing strings for Internationalization and localization; these are known as Property Resource Bundles.

Microsoft Word 2016 is a commercial document editing program is widely used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.

NSwag is a Swagger 2.0 API toolchain for .NET, TypeScript and other platforms, written in C#. The Swagger specification uses JSON and JSON Schema to describe a RESTful web API. The project provides tools to generate Swagger specifications from existing Web API controllers and client code from these Swagger specifications.

COMP Superscalar (COMPSs) is a programming model which aims to ease the development of applications for distributed infrastructures, such as Clusters, Grids and Clouds. COMP Superscalar also features a Runtime system that exploits the inherent parallelism of applications at execution time.

PyCOMPSs is the name of the COMPSs binding for Python applications.

Industrial I/O is a Linux kernel framework that provides uniform access to sensors and other ADC/DAC-based devices.

Zumero DataGrid is an open-source Xamarin.Forms control for displaying row/column data.

Project Centennial helps developers publish their .NET and Win32 desktop applications to the Windows Store

NULL

NULL

NULL

aloha is a Javascript library which allows users to edit target html elements on a page.

/etc/fstab is the file in UNIX/Linux systems that defines file systems that are mounted on boot or available to be manually mounted.

Dynasty is a

Sigasi Studio is an Eclipse based standalone editor and Eclipse Plugin, which add support for various

This tag is for questions for HyperTerm – modern terminal application, written with HTML and CSS technologies.&#xD;&#xA;https://hyperterm.org/

Use when asking questions regarding the AlecrimCoreData framework.

NULL

For questions related to Apache Kudu (http://kudu.apache.org)

class in UnityEngine.SceneManagement for managing scenes in unity

Android runtime permissions powered by RxJava&#xD;&#xA;

An infinite recursion occurs when one or several recursive methods keep on calling each other and never reaching a terminal case. Such a situation will most likely end up in the call stack to overflow.

Go Wrapper for the wxWidgets GUI

Intero provides Haskell IDE support for Emacs and Neovim. Please use the emacs, vim or neovim tags in addition to this tag, where appropriate.

Leshan is an OMA Lightweight M2M (LWM2M) implementation in Java. It provides libraries that help people develop their own Lightweight M2M server and client.

SAP GUI is the standard front end tool for SAP Systems. The Java version can be used in Windows, Linux and MAC.

The Copy Database Wizard moves or copies databases between SQL Server Instances.

Polymer App Toolbox is a collection of components, tools and templates for building Progressive Web Apps with Polymer.

Oracle's Big Data Discovery tool.

text2vec - R package which provides a fast and memory efficient framework for text mining applications within R. Vectorization, word embeddings, topic modelling and more.&#xD;&#xA;

a desktop reporting tool that provides a visual design environment to create pixel-perfect reports . Please make sure your question is about *programming* not just how to use the software.

ONOS (Open Network Operating System) is an open source SDN controller platform.

grommet tag is used to mark questions related to grommet framework&#xD;&#xA;http://grommet.github.io/&#xD;&#xA;

A cross compiler from F# to JavaScript

RxJava binding APIs for Android UI widgets from the platform and support libraries by Jake Wharton

StackExchange.Exceptional is the name of the error handler used by the Stack Exchange network.

Haskell library that provides an SQL-generating embedded domain specific language for targeting Postgres

`node-sqlite3` is an asynchronous, non-blocking SQLite3 bindings module for Node.js.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

A Data Access Object (DAO), is a design pattern in object-oriented software design, creating an object that provides an abstract interface to some type of database or other persistence mechanism.

Questions about TYPO3.Surf, a PHP-based deployment tool created by the TYPO3 community.

Questions about running Docker inside of Docker (DinD).

A filter bank is an array of band-pass filters that separates the input signal/image into multiple components, each one carrying a single frequency sub-band of the original signal/image.

Bootpag is a dynamic pagination jQuery plugin which generates HTML pagination that contains classes which are primarily used by Twitter Bootstrap

Hamlit is a high performance Haml Implementation, with some limitations by design for performance gains.

Google Cloud Machine Learning is a managed platform that enables you to easily build machine learning models, that work on any type of data, of any size. Create your model with the powerful TensorFlow framework, that powers many Google products from Google Photos, to Google Cloud Speech.

RDF/XML is an RDF serialization (using XML), defined by the W3C

Questions related to streaming multer storage engine for AWS S3.

Also known as "type intersection", when the generic type is bounded by multiple types, eg <T extends B1 & B2 & B3>

C11 introduces native threading.

Browser API implementing the Web Authentication standard. Credentials are stored on (local) authenticators which use and are accessed using strong cryptography.

In ASP.NET Core MVC View Components are more powerfull version of partial views intended for making reusable rendering logic.

NULL

NULL

NULL

OrderCloud.io is a cloud-hosted B2B eCommerce platform exposed entirely via a RESTful API.

Minimalist testing framework similar to RSpec, used in [rubyspec]. Not to be confused with [mspec], a C# testing framework.

Cython wrapper for the C++ translation of the Angus Johnson's Clipper library

Use for questions related to the ETE toolkit, a Python framework to work with trees.

OpenMOLE (Open MOdeL Experiment) workflow engine.

busted is a unit testing framework supporting Lua >= 5.1, luajit >= 2.0.0, and moonscript.

Python Object Wrapper for ArangoDB with built-in validation http://pyArango.tariqdaouda.com

NULL

xcp2.x covers EMC Documentum xCP 2.x products questions

xray-rails shows a visual breakdown of all the Rails layouts, views, and partials that rendered the page in your browser.

Giggle Jingle is a JavaScript library for XMPP, implementation of XEP-0166

QCAD is an open source Computer Aided Drafting (CAD) application, written in C++, for drawing two dimensional planes. Use this tag for issues in compiling/building the source on either Windows, Mac OS X and Linux, and using MinGW or MSVC2010 32bit or MSVC2013 64bit with the QT Creator IDE. Don't use this tag for questions regarding the usage of the application.

curie is intended for questions related to using URL relations and the DRY principle to create semantic data or semantic markup.

NULL

Box2dLights is a open source framework for dynamic 2d lights and shadows for android and desktop using box2d physic geometry and raycasting.

Tag for questions related to the `trackpy` software package

Use ASP.NET Core Identity to add login functionality to an ASP.NET Core application.

NULL

This tag is to be used when referring to third party client created by Marin Todorov .

NULL

Use this tag when asking questions about HL7, CDA, Caché or other HIT technologies when specifically related to or affected by the Intersystems HealthShare product.

FastCGI Process Manager - an alternative PHP FastCGI implementation with some additional features

NULL

NULL

NULL

Bump npm versions with Gulp (gulpjs.com)

NULL

CKRecordZone, a class of iOS CloudKit.

NULL

An ACK message is a confirmation signal sent to acknowledge the reception of a previous message sent via a communication channel.

NULL

Simple XML to JavaScript object converter

NULL

Sage One is the global product line of the Sage software company, targeting small businesses and covering mainly accounting and payroll. Its API allows integration with third party applications.

NULL

Tag for questions related to the "Cloud Tools for Visual Studio" VS extension. (Tag name reflects github repo containing source: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-visualstudio)

MPEG LA, LLC is a firm based in Denver, Colorado that licenses patent pools covering essential patents required for use of the MPEG-2, MPEG-4 Visual, IEEE 1394, VC-1, ATSC, MVC, MPEG-2 Systems, AVC/H.264 and HEVC standards.

Question related to Google's Cloud Tools for PowerShell

libneo4j-client is a client library for Neo4j, written in C, and intended as a foundation on which basic tools and drivers for various languages may be built. libneo4j-client takes care of all the detail of establishing a session with a Neo4j server, sending statements for evaluation, and retrieving results.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Use this tag for questions relating to libneo4j-client.

questions about https://github.com/alibaba/RocketMQ

Visual Studio Everywhere is the Eclipse and JetBrains IDE plugin for integration with Microsoft Team Foundation Server and Visual Studio Team Services.

F* (pronounced F star) is an ML-like functional programming language aimed at program verification.

A service that calculates directions between locations using Google's Directions Service.

armasm is the assembler for ARM processors

Reflection-VBA (Visual Basic for Applications for Attachmate Reflection) is an event-driven and object-oriented programming language for automating tasks over a terminal.

Use this tag to refer TIBCO Master Data Management.

Landscape.io is a service addon for GitHub to do Python style checks based on PEP8, PyLint, McCabe, Flake8, ...

Questions related to the Python library "pybonjour".

"Driver for Kinect for Windows v2 (K4W2) devices (release and developer preview).&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Note: libfreenect2 does not do anything for either Kinect for Windows v1 or Kinect for Xbox 360 sensors. Use libfreenect1 for those sensors."

 Kinect for Windows v2 (K4W2)

AvaloniaUI (aka Avalonia) is a multiplatform GUI-Framework using XAML for the creation of GUIs. It has many similarities to WPF and can run on Windows, Linux, MacOS, Android and iOs.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It's an opensource project that can be viewed on github: https://github.com/AvaloniaUI

Topbeat is a lightweight shipper that you can install on your servers to periodically read system-wide and per-process CPU and memory statistics

Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 2.0. For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag [apache-spark].

NULL

Precompiles server-side webpack bundles before running mocha. Inspired by karma-webpack alternatives usage, but this is for Node.js!

NULL

DRAKON Editor is a free open source tool for authoring DRAKON flowcharts. It also supports sequence diagrams, entity-relationship and class diagrams.

Steadfastness denotes a desirable property of Prolog programs. Intuitively, it means that instantiations of predicate arguments do not change the meaning of the relation.

This package provides JavaScript implementations of common collections, with many useful features.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://www.collectionsjs.com/

NULL

ShaderLab is a declarative language for writing shaders used in the Unity3D game engine.

ESP Easy is an opensource firmware for ESP8266 hardware, it allow to easily configure connected sensors

Eclipse RDF4J is a Java framework for working with RDF, SPARQL, and OWL. It offers a set of libraries and APIs for parsing, writing, scalable storage and reasoning, as well as a Workbench and Server application for deployment of RDF databases. This tag should be used for all questions regarding use of the RDF4J libraries and tools.

Stands for Qt

The Windows Package Manager, inbuilt into Windows 10 and available on older Windows releases. Use this tag when referring to commands like `Install-Package` or `Find-Package` or `Get-PackageProvider`.

This is a tag created for questions which may fall under the automation category of Junos. Junos is the OS that runs on Juniper Networks routers.

Junos PyEZ is a Python library to remotely manage/automate Junos devices via SSH/Telnet/Serial connections. &#xD;&#xA;

Backpack for Laravel is a collection of Laravel packages that PHP developers use to create administration panels, created by Cristian Tabacitu. Its main aim is to provide boilerplate code for admin panels and eliminate writing code that repeats in every project, while still being really easy to customize and modify.

Grails 3 is the next major version of the [tag:grails] framework. This tag can/should be used with all Grails 3.x version so that the users on StackOverflow don't have to filter each specific Grails version (for example, 3.1.10, 3.2.0-m2) and they can filter every question which is related to Grails 3.

Use this tag to identify the exact version of Liferay that you're using - DXP is the Enterprise supported version of Liferay, first released in 2016.

Style formatting and style-based questions in Xamarin.Forms projects.

SASS is the family of assembly languages used by nVIDIA GPU cores, with a variant for each GPU microarchitecture generation, which translates to binary machine code directly.

iOS Message Objects used by Message Extensions.

UltraESB is a lightweight enterprise service bus (ESB) capable of supporting many transports and message formats natively. It allows messages to be mediated via Java or JSR 223 scripting languages through an API, and is the first ESB to claim support for Zero-Copy proxying of messages with Non-Blocking IO capabilities. A deployment unit can be developed and deployed on UltraESB which is quite similar to the concept of servelet containers and WARs.

Extension widget to the Tcl's Tk widget toolkit. There are wrapper libraries with the same name for Python and possibly other programming languages.

Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to assert, manipulate, and traverse your React Components' output.

Eisbach is the embedded tactics language developed for the Interactive Theorem Prover Isabelle.

This is new framework added by Apple in iOS 10

Twig filter is about the value-transforming operators in the Twig template engine. &#xD;&#xA;

The CraueFormFlowBundle provides a facility for building and handling multi-step forms in your Symfony project.

django-watson is a fast multi-model full-text search plugin for Django. It is easy to install and use, and provides high quality search results.&#xD;&#xA;

The `tools` namespace allows for showing custom `View` properties inside Android Studio view designer.&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;

NULL

HM-10 is a Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) module, interfaced via serial port (UART).

wordpress-thesis-theme is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-datasource is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++-standard-library is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
deferred-rendering is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sybase-asa is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unit-type is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wildfly-10 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-authentication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-5.1.1-lollipop is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vs2010-express is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
delicious-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
to-char is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
simulated-annealing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-fusedlocation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
requirejs-optimizer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento2.0.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-coverage is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-polyline is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-access-2007 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-access-2000 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
installshield-2009 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-usercontrols is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
msbuild-4.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-simpledb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
eclipse-emf-ecore is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ruby-c-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-bigtable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
regexp-substr is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
distributed-database is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pixel-bender is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios-app-group is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
datacontractjsonserialize is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
starling-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
opencv-stitching is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
elasticsearch-marvel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-ssl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-forms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
junit-rule is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mongodb-replica-set is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-errors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gwt-activities is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-books is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iphone-standalone-web-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
numerical-integration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-chartwrapper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
variadic-macro is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
survival-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssrs-tablix is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++-cx is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ddd-repositories is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-apps-marketplace is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
law-of-demeter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
distributed-caching is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
infopath2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
anonymous-methods is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-droppable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nintex-workflow is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aws-code-deploy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobilefirst-adapters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-template is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dotnetnuke-module is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-identity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
multiple-file-upload is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scripting-bridge is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
olap-cube is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
koala-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
code-signing-certificate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
active-model-serializers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-backups is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bayesian-networks is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
continuous-delivery is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cellular-network is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
typo3-6.2.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-2.4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-2.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-2.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-2.3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
object-recognition is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
compass-lucene is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fuzzy-comparison is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-web-roles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
winrt-xaml-toolkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-emr is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rust-cargo is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-caching is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dedicated-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rackspace-cloud is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scala-collections is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spark-view-engine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xml-deserialization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-exposed-filter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-constraintlayout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ambiguous-call is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-fonts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hangouts-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xcode-storyboard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
swift-playground is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
password-encryption is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reactive-extensions-js is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
swift-protocols is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
crosswalk-runtime is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans-platform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-cloudstack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
application-design is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-web-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
multiple-processes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-error-reporting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
biztalk-mapper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-compiler-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cocos2d-x-3.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
std-function is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vscode-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cardboard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
isomorphic-javascript is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-io is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-pivot is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sun-codemodel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
document-classification is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
form-helpers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
r-mice is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sitecore-dms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
foreign-data-wrapper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-error-1005 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jestjs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
photosframework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hessian-matrix is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-camera is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
congestion-control is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-factory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
friend-class is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-query-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firefox-webextensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cordova-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
multipeer-connectivity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-permissions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-phone-8-emulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openoffice-calc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-debugger is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
logistic-regression is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
true-type-fonts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
afnetworking-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hibernate-criteria is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unboundid-ldap-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fluent-migrator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yeoman-generator-angular is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-places is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-cordova is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
javafx-webengine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-chrome-arc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intellij-14 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intellij-15 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intellij-13 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
libreoffice-basic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-inputfilter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios8-share-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-treeview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wordpress-theming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
.net-cf-3.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office-pia is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ef-fluent-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
chrome-web-driver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
computation-expression is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
utl-file is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
salesforce-service-cloud is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-sdk-4.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dart-async is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-developer-toolbar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-sdk-4.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cakephp-bake is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-initializer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-integrated-auth is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
blackberry-cascades is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
heartbleed-bug is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
richdatatable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-securityexception is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans-6.9 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
signalr-hub is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zombie-process is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-httpclient-4.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
advantage-database-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-server-2003 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-server-2000 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-server-2008 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
preg-match-all is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jenssegers-mongodb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jqgrid-php is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tinymce-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-3.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
browser-addons is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-keyvault is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
background-subtraction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-fusion-tables is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
titanium-alloy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-release-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iphone-sdk-3.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iphone-sdk-3.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iphone-sdk-3.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twitter-bootstrap-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-relativelayout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-bpm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scala-2.8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scala-2.9 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-xarray is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-package-managers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-animate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-ui is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
integrated-pipeline-mode is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
point-cloud-library is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
anypoint-studio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adobe-illustrator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boolean-logic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pitch-tracking is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-geocoder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mediawiki-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
source-control-explorer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
expression-blend is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-ode is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
2-way-object-databinding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
message-driven-bean is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-http-interceptors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xcode-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vcl-styles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-phone-8.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-object-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symfony-security is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
execute-immediate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-calendar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
variable-length-array is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-stored-procedures is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
terminal-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
webspeech-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
page-jump is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
declarative-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-progressbar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
taylor-series is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-mobile is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-cursor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-error-1241 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-crawlers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-permissions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
camera-overlay is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
slick-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
differential-equations is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grails-2.4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grails-2.3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grails-2.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grails-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
turing-machines is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-url is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
onion-architecture is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-languages is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
team-explorer-everywhere is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-spark is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stack-smash is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
parallel-foreach is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magnet-uri is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
completable-future is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
universal-binary is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
parametric-polymorphism is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
glm-math is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fluid-layout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
revolution-r is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jboss-arquillian is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-datatables-editor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-ggplot is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-canvas is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ckeditor4.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-web-deploy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ignite-ui is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
command-line-parsing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
swagger-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-lightswitch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-data-pipeline is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-billing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
manual-testing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vm-implementation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coin-flipping is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-webjobssdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fiware-wirecloud is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-promise is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
constructor-overloading is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
modular-arithmetic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-sharer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
abstract-methods is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
std-pair is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
regfreecom is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
agile-project-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sharepoint-online is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sunburst-diagram is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
data-recovery is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
software-packaging is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
geom-bar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-cast is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-compile is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
watson-dialog is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
expert-system is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-ng-show is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-chrome-devtools is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scrapy-spider is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
image-stitching is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cluster-computing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
markup-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
temporal-database is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
progress-db is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-inputmask is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
n-tier-architecture is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-webpages is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
.net-remoting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-developer-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-easing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-xml is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-sites is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
authorize.net-cim is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kernel-density is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adaptive-design is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-dynamic-data is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
quantitative-finance is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reactive-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios-universal-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-gdata is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
numerical-stability is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
blueprint-osgi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
transport-stream is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
elasticsearch-net is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
thrift-protocol is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
client-side-scripting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-1.9.2.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-azure-queues is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-decorators is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-mws is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
platform-builder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-error-1452 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bootstrap-tags-input is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
validates-uniqueness-of is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
joomla3.4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-2.2-froyo is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
genetic-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios8-today-widget is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
algorithmic-trading is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rich-internet-application is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fetch-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
orchard-modules is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-service is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-windowmanager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-elasticache is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-form2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oauth2-playground is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sencha-architect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gen-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-select-related is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
thinktecture-ident-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tibco-ems is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
embedded-sql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-draggable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
app-transport-security is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
distributed-objects is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
landscape-portrait is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-styles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
activity-diagram is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
testng-eclipse is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virtual-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
datatables-1.10 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-security is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sourcegear-vault is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
recurrent-neural-network is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
identity-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-hover is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
modx-revolution is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
restrict-qualifier is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-guide is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-parsequeryadapter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-1.4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-1.6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-1.8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-1.9 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-support-design is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-web-developer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
thermal-printer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
r-bigmemory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
chrome-web-store is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
self-organizing-maps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
array-intersect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
floating-point-exceptions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
special-folders is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aws-kinesis-firehose is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
string-interning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
icefaces-1.8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-vfs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-filters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-webjobs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
extjs-mvc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-translator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-phone-store is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mfmessagecomposeview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
layout-inflater is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
restful-url is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
doctrine-query is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
video-thumbnails is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
typo3-7.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lejos-nxj is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
worklight-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
context-free-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flickr-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-profiles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
data-link-layer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-search-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-hardware is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-watchdog is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-api-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
informatica-powercenter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zurb-foundation-5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-c++-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-c++-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-c++-2012 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tfs-process-template is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dimensionality-reduction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
servlet-listeners is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-play-games is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-sourcesafe is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-imaging-library is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
swig-template is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-softkeyboard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
libgosu is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-lazyload is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-listview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
uikit-dynamics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
business-intelligence is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-fcgid is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-views is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
self-invoking-function is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sap-fiori is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
optional-arguments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-basic-authentication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
description-logic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-chtml is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-desktop-gadgets is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
titanium-android is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-fragmentactivity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
.net-4.5.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aspnet-regiis.exe is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wcf-web-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sencha-touch-2.3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wpf-controls is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-switch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
strongly-typed-dataset is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
clang-static-analyzer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-traversing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-webform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openoffice-writer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
schema-design is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssrs-2008-r2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firebase-security is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
codeigniter-hmvc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
image-scanner is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
resharper-7.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
npm-request is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
shake-build-system is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kivy-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-servicebusrelay is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
excel-addins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
arcgis-js-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
segment-tree is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stdarray is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aws-opsworks is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
actionviewhelper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-coccoon is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-embedded is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
compiler-options is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
weblogic9.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-security2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-engines is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
memory-corruption is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gdata-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
filter-var is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
word-2007 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
word-2003 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
joomla-template is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
prism-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
4d-database is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-mobile-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-chatbot is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
borland-c++ is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yahoo-messenger is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
late-static-binding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
live-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gwt-editors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hamming-code is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
.net-micro-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
orchardcms-1.9 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
managed-directx is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
serverside-javascript is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-in is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
uncaught-exception is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-watch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
atlassian-crucible is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-wink is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openerp-8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flyweight-pattern is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
canon-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-dbutils is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-handler is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-dataviz is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-ibeacon is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
go-gorm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
backbone-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gnu-smalltalk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
paypal-nvp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ithit-webdav-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
umbraco6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-spark-ml is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nhibernate-mapping is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
marching-cubes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
memory-dump is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-2012-express is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
event-driven-design is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
time-and-attendance is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-viewgroup is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
functional-dependencies is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-database is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
r-grid is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-normalization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-static-maps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
silverlight-toolkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-graph-api-v2.4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nuget-package-restore is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
internet-explorer-9 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
internet-explorer-8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
balanced-payments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
internet-explorer-7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-load is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-acl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tx-news is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
business-process is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lync-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lync-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gmail-imap is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adobe-indesign is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
uwp-maps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
serial-communication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wing-ide is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-identity-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-dns is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
blackberry-android is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-audiomanager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-ksoap2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-data-studio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-intentservice is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-dbcp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
expression-encoder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
transitive-closure-table is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-events is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xcode7-beta4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-http is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nhibernate-queryover is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-relations is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mit-scratch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
structuremap3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-uiautomator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sas-ods is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
objective-c-literals is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
formal-verification is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ie-compatibility-mode is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
concurrent-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-virtual-network is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netflix-feign is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hidden-markov-models is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
state-restoration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twilio-click-to-call is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
offline-caching is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-fapi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symbolic-computation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
canny-operator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
php-parse-error is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
system-shutdown is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
osx-mountain-lion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
turtle-rdf is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-espresso is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-active-directory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
elastic-map-reduce is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-library-5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
selenium-firefoxdriver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vs-unit-testing-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grand-central-dispatch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-dataproc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
paw-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-phoenix is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-propertytree is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-java-config is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symfony-sonata is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-models is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-servicebus-topics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
imperative-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-iot-hub is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-architect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-transition is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-actionbar-compat is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
location-href is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amortized-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-class-based-views is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html5-data is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cubic-spline is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
translate-animation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cascading-deletes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
autoregressive-models is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
chrome-gcm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sublime-text-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
app-offline.htm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
haar-wavelet is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
compiler-warnings is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jersey-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
skype-for-business is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-websites is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
phoenix-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mongodb-mms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mfc-feature-pack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-tez is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
maximo-anywhere is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-exec is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html-escape-characters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yui-datatable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
business-objects-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
object-detection is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
array-splice is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ember-components is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-bytecode-asm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
app-engine-flexible is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-pop is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-datapower is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-charts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
defensive-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-amd is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-any is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openshift-enterprise is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-distribution is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
presentmodalviewcontrolle is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-context is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-dynatree is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
concurrent-collections is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
diamond-operator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-profiler is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dimensional-modeling is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-drawable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xmlhttprequest-level2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
youtube-iframe-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
knockout-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symfony-forms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
recurrence-relation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-http is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
linker-scripts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
multiple-definition-error is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
for-xml-path is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
numerical-methods is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
alpha-beta-pruning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-bind is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
simple-form-for is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
configurable-product is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-facade is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
.net-client-profile is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
accessibility-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-action-filter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
corona-storyboard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
logfile-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
class-constants is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
chrome-custom-tabs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zebra-printers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
code-access-security is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-appstore is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-server-2012-r2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xcode-bots is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
load-data-infile is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
numpy-broadcasting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
haar-classifier is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
getstream-io is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gs-vlookup is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-http-client is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
illuminate-container is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
as3-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rendered-attribute is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
backbone-views is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
embedded-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
workflow-foundation-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
libreoffice-base is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mks-integrity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reinforcement-learning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-e2e is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-studio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-api-console is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-evolutions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wix-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-layout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-mail is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
epicorerp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
castle-activerecord is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
objective-c-category is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-api-code-pack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unity-interception is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-activejob is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-2-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
susy-sass is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hybrid-mobile-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-actionbaractivity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
configuration-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hibernate-4.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans-7.4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans-7.3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
crystal-lang is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
missing-features is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-error-pages is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-calendar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-headers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
appcelerator-mobile is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-applicationinfo is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-holo-everywhere is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
window-managers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
telerik-appbuilder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
undefined-function is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fragment-tab-host is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-sdk-.net is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
preprocessor-directive is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
output-formatting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
topic-modeling is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ntfs-mft is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
project-reactor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spl-autoload-register is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-implicit-intent is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-geolocation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssms-2014 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-gmap3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matlab-figure is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
text-segmentation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-postgresql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios-app-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
variableargumentlists is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
structural-search is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hamming-distance is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-config is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dialog-preference is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
easing-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
persistent-storage is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-voice is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
null-coalescing-operator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rubymine-7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
quality-center is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reserved-words is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
expat-parser is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
smartcard-reader is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
numerical-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
active-directory-group is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jspinclude is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
icefaces-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tin-can-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ipad-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-migrations is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pygame-surface is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stl-algorithm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jenkins-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-reflections is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twitter-fabric is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
slick-3.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-street-view is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-urls is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
background-agents is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-phone-toolkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nested-function is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gorilla-toolkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
page-editor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wicked-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nested-attributes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
plone-4.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-mediaprojection is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-ui-mvc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-memory-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
canonical-link is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-powershell is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-notifications is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-status-code-404 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-status-code-405 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-status-code-403 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
core-video is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
codahale-metrics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
async-ctp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
merit-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cydia-substrate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
data-dumper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ruby-on-rails-plugins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-project-server-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ninject-interception is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coordinate-transformation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-express is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wcf-configuration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
castle-dynamicproxy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-panels is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-contenttypes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-twitter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hook-menu is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
discrete-mathematics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-cli is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-was is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
horizontal-scaling is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gameplay-kit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-recaptcha is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
claims-based-identity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-keyboard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
silent-installer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-stream-analytics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-2to3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
websphere-portal is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-status-code-301 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-areas is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-delete is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
design-principles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssrs-2012 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssrs-2014 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssrs-2016 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
philips-hue is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-forms-designer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-slow-query-log is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
qnx-neutrino is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-testing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-activerecord is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
varnish-vcl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unwind-segue is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-sns is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
codeigniter-datamapper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
powerpoint-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-plugin-eclipse is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
git-post-receive is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
titanium-modules is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
game-ai is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
public-activity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
integer-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-resources is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-analytics-tools is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
git-bare is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
maintenance-plan is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reactjs-testutils is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
atg-dynamo is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-viewbinder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-application-insights is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
idl-programming-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++-amp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-recyclerview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adobe-captivate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-viewpager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vs-team-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
htmlunit-driver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ie8-browser-mode is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
biztalk-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-server-2008-r2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
minecraft-forge is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cakephp-appmodel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-deadlocks is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
razor-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-macros is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
referential-transparency is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
foolproof-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reportingservices-2005 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reportviewer2008 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
undefined-reference is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jython-2.7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
quickbooks-online is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web2py-modules is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
domino-designer-eclipse is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-5.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
arcgis-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dockerpy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-4.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-memory-allocation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
offlineapps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stateful-session-bean is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
email-spam is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
quartz-composer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans-7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
swisscomdev is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virtual-destructor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-apps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
array-unique is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-concurrency is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mongodb-aggregation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-gdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
object-lifetime is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-fql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-inflate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-recents is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
automated-tests is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kruskals-algorithm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-access-2016 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
teambuild2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
keyboard-hook is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
morphological-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-commerce is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sphero-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
on-duplicate-key is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
app-engine-ndb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-file is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mule-el is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
porter-stemmer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
liquid-layout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
import-from-excel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-ng-options is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
test-environments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
automatic-ref-counting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wcf-endpoint is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
browser-automation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dailymotion-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
internet-explorer-10 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
network-protocols is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flask-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
integer-overflow is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
regex-greedy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-forms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
polymer-1.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-countdown is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jms-topic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-fakes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
slim-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
confluence-rest-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pentaho-cde is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-commerce is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flash-cs5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bessel-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-adf-mobile is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-spatial is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-guard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
optimistic-concurrency is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-adapter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-apps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cse is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
onsen-ui2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-managed-vm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
disruptor-pattern is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
keen-io is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-shell is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asteriskami is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-navigation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-ui-theme is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-maf is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
liferay-service-builder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ranking-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
master-data-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scala-cats is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracleforms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-arm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
game-theory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lightswitch-2012 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
entity-relationship-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stdasync is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hl7-v2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
document-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
afnetworking-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
installshield-2011 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
installshield-2012 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
r-caret is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
page-index-changed is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rethinkdb-javascript is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-site-project is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
w3c-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-library-6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-contentresolver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
social-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-unittest is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-notificationhub is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-rootscope is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dart-html is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-live-streaming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
teamcity-8.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lua-5.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jasmine2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
excel-2016 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
file-comparison is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jython-2.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
episerver-7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
io-redirection is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-appfabric is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
computer-architecture is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-5.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
box2d-iphone is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-shopping-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zpl-ii is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-4.4-kitkat is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
liferay-7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kohana-3.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kohana-3.3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-tabactivity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
remote-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
win-universal-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-ui-selectmenu is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
serverside-rendering is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
alfresco-webscripts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unreachable-code is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
samsung-galaxy-gear is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
liferay-ide is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
anonymous-inner-class is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
agent-based-modeling is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
weblogic8.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
struts2-interceptors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios-provisioning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-web-api2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-chrome-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-data-factory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-docs-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-hadoop is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-post is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xhtml-1.0-strict is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
activity-transition is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-toolbar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-unittest is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
document-body is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sas-iml is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-rules is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
atlassian-fisheye is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
object-initializers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stripe-payments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reference-class is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-nifi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-ui-automation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
perforce-integrate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-view is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jenkins-job-dsl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-wake-lock is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-pendingintent is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
default-arguments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cakephp-2.7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cakephp-2.3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-upload is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
business-logic-layer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-glacier is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
backbone-events is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-cache is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-cloud-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-loadermanager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
phaser-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-service-bus is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-cffi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-unit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-productflavors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-metro-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stochastic-process is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
llvm-c++-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
castle-monorail is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
word-addins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
restkit-0.20 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
access-levels is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hudson-plugins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pentaho-report-designer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mongoose-web-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mouse-listeners is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
donut-chart is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
self-referencing-table is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-datepicker is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ember-router is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-blade is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-aq is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unity3d-5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-modules is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-wear-data-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html5-history is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-optionsmenu is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-gridview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
group-policy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
prims-algorithm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
code-conversion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sharepoint-clientobject is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-analytics-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rethinkdb-python is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ad-hoc-distribution is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
feature-extraction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
struts-1.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iphone-developer-program is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
attr-accessor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xacml3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wcf-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
conditional-breakpoint is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
worklight-studio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-elb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fragment-backstack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pg-search is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
appcompat-v7-r23 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-amf is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ereg-replace is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-variables is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
binomial-coefficients is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
staggered-gridview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tfs-web-access is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
existential-type is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
public-method is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html-content-extraction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-statusbar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intel-ipp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iis-8.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
code-documentation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-keystore is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
advanced-installer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
top-command is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flash-media-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ravendb-studio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-fragments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-search is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
juice-ui is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-compression is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
onedrive-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-avd is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grails-3.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grails-3.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-gadget is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-proguard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
incomplete-type is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
routed-commands is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-pageradapter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-insert-id is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
typesafe-stack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
network-flow is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-deflate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-fusion-middleware is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
appstore-sandbox is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-optional is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-cmodel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
campaign-monitor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
template-tal is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openoffice-base is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mars-simulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flex-spark is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-kafka-connect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-multidex is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tableau-public is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-chrome-frame is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iis-10 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-cloudwatch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-route is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
youtube.net-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
selenium-chromedriver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
consistent-hashing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
input-type-file is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-service-binding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
public-key-encryption is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
word-automation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
servicestack-text is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rotational-matrices is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spatial-query is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
32bit-64bit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-admin-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
friend-function is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-shared-contacts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adobe-reader is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
make-shared is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
geometry-surface is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-scrollable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-beacon-platform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stdset is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-sync-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamics-crm-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamics-crm-2011 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamics-crm-2016 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamics-crm-2015 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symbolic-math is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
javascript-debugger is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firefox-addon-restartless is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
watson-conversation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mpmoviewcontroller is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flink-streaming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
typo3-flow is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-azure-networking is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dotnet-httpclient is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-ui-grid is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-components is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scala-dispatch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jira-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nokia-s40 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-jscrollpane is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
attached-properties is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
knockout-3.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twitter-follow is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
object-oriented-database is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wildfly-9 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
crystal-reports-2008 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
compile-time-weaving is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symphony-cms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gravity-forms-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-4.2-jelly-bean is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-identity-toolkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
prefix-operator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-kinesis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
joomla-k2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
file-ownership is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
interceptorstack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-form-element is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-2.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
markov-chains is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jax-ws-customization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
contextual-action-bar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
joomla-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-forms-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
paint-code is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
excel-udf is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-pig is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html5-appcache is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
finite-automata is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yui-pure-css is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
data-driven-tests is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tizen-wearable-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twitter-digits is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
youtube-api-v3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
delayed-execution is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
clojure-core.logic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
export-to-pdf is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firebase-crash-reporting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
revealing-module-pattern is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ansible-2.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-instrumentation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-auto is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
backbone-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cake-pattern is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
phonegap-desktop-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-variables is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-syncdb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-azure-storage is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
companion-object is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sharepoint-jsom is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-controller is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-band is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-live is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tabular-form is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
acrobat-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-venv is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-navigationview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
progressive-web-apps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pthread-join is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-fit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-webbrowser is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-maps-sdk-ios is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-variant is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hibernate-5.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sybase-iq is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twitter-anywhere is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drop-table is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-datepicker is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matlab-deployment is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssis-2008 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++builder-xe8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++builder-xe7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++builder-xe2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-appwidget is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
neoscms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-fullscreen is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
information-extraction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-spirit-x3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-ad-b2c is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-audience-network is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-translator-toolkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fitnesse-slim is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-callback is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
io-completion-ports is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openoffice-basic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
business-catalyst is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
alter-table is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
haskell-pipes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pentaho-design-studio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
automated-refactoring is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jvm-languages is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
svn-hooks is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
w3c-geolocation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
elasticsearch-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-multi-index is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
postfix-operator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobile-website is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bundling-and-minification is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-syncadapter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-cardview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
partial-classes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
extjs6-classic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
primitive-types is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
system-testing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobilefirst-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
discriminated-union is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
digest-authentication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dependency-properties is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
type-families is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jersey-1.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-ng-route is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-error-1111 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
eclipse-pde is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-order-by is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-viewholder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-rabbitmq is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-canvas is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
typescript2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-install-apk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-admin-filters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-portal is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sap-connector is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-queryset is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-mvvm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
objective-c-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
turbo-pascal is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
htcsense is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-sharing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tacit-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
prototypal-inheritance is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
epplus-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-distancematrix-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jaws-screen-reader is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reactive-cocoa is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
background-transfer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-hooks is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ebay-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gnu-toolchain is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intellij-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-spark-sql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-statemachine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
conditional-statements is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-applications is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-5.3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ruby-datamapper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
watson-iot is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-input-method is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coordinate-systems is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-redemption is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
huge-pages is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-tabs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-iostreams is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dart-pub is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jvm-arguments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-ioc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
regular-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-mutex is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
procedural-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pkg-file is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-3.0-honeycomb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sencha-touch-2.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sencha-touch-2.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-camera2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-on is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-developers-console is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
biztalk-orchestrations is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-collection is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
quartz.net-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-auth is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
language-translation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dining-philosopher is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-mobile-6.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nokia-imaging-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
simple-injector is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-website-optimizer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
resty-gwt is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matplotlib-basemap is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-apps-for-education is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
language-interoperability is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html5-animation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
type-providers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dockpanel-suite is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pos-for-.net is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wolfram-mathematica is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
filenet-content-engine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-format-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office365-apps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamics-crm-online is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-roles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
conditional-formatting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-constructor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
callable-statement is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sas-macro is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
drupal-modules is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-storage-emulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-data-display is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-drop is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
svg-animate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unrecognized-selector is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
template-method-pattern is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-cursoradapter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
system-design is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-geometry is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
uint8t is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-soa is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-project-tango is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nonlinear-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-mirror-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-ajaxq is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-signals is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
money-format is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
playframework-1.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-cayenne is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-deployment is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
elasticsearch-mapping is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
software-distribution is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mongodb-update is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-listfragment is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-validate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
moodle-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
eclipse-scout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-scope is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lwp-useragent is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unity-networking is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-2.3-gingerbread is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jqgrid-asp.net is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-aggregation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
first-class-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
function-prototypes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-tags is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-test-users is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-adapterview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
worklight-runtime is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
trust-zone is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yahoo-boss-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-spirit-qi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virtual-keyboard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-replication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xml-dtd is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-multi-array is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flash-cs6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flash-cs4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-2012-datatools is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-runtime is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
r.java-file is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
variable-initialization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
excel-vba-mac is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wso2developerstudio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
word-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
password-recovery is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
certificate-revocation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
character-properties is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
parallel-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-solver-foundation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-addins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-data-tools is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ip-geolocation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-authentication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
live-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-checkout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-merge is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
maven-scm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios-autolayout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-server-controls is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-embedded-compact is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
structural-typing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-analytics-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
alfresco-share is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-vision is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vmware-fusion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aide-ide is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
change-data-capture is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
erlang-shell is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
directory-traversal is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
javascript-automation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-mediascanner is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wildcard-subdomain is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wp-list-categories is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mahout-recommender is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
smooth-streaming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
network-scan is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
immediate-window is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gnu-coreutils is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
geometry-shader is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unsafe-pointers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-management-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
root-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-appium is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-expires is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matlab-compiler is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-edittext is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
user-presence is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
search-suggestion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
global-asax is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
roman-numerals is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
complex-event-processing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-text is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cartesian-coordinates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-latitude is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coldfusion-11 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coldfusion-10 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
php-carbon is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-datalayer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
knockout-mvc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symfony-components is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
plone-3.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
template-deduction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
schema-compare is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
excel-2011 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
portable-applications is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
shift-reduce-conflict is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
regression-testing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html5-fullscreen is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
titanium-mobile is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-optimization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
esoteric-languages is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office-addins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rowlocking is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
watch-os-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
watch-os-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-spark-dataset is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hierarchical-clustering is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-kernel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
codeigniter-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
routed-events is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
image-comparison is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
log4net-configuration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
blackberry-editfield is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-url-shortener is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rave-reports is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mechanize-ruby is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-anr-dialog is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
exc-bad-instruction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-execution-plan is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-webservice is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-elastic-beanstalk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
data-synchronization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
youtube-data-api-v3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-mediaplayer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lightswitch-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
air-native-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
db2-connect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pushdown-automaton is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coldfusionbuilder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
teamcity-9.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
programming-paradigms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
qt-signals is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-platform-installer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
image-optimization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-databinding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
teamcity-7.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
teamcity-7.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gnome-shell-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
multiple-instances is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
thread-abort is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cassandra-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-download-manager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-sourcesafe-2005 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
couchbase-sync-gateway is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
contactless-smartcard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-machine-learning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tizen-web-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-maps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matlab-cvst is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twitter-bootstrap-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
twitter-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
packet-sniffers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
expression-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
360-degrees is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
worklight-appcenter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-integration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios8-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-gstreamer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
continuous-deployment is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
protege4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-fastcgi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-swiffy is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hex-editors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
semantic-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
joomla-module is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
generic-handler is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
anonymous-types is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mod-perl2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cassandra-2.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
information-schema is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
device-policy-manager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
optional-parameters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
agents-jade is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rating-system is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kif-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-template-filters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mouseclick-event is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asymptotic-complexity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openstack-neutron is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-notifications is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-logging is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-status-code-503 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xcode5.0.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
script-component is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ionic-view is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gollum-wiki is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pebble-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
first-order-logic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flexible-array-member is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
default-method is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-cycle2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-maps-engine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-api-apps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
edmx-designer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
size-t is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
usb-flash-drive is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office365api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
glassfish-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
private-members is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-2005 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
css-counter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stringtemplate-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
restlet-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gwt-super-dev-mode is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
postmortem-debugging is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html5-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
team-build is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
extreme-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-trigger is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
partial-application is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
compiler-directives is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intuit-partner-platform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-bluemix is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-timepicker is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-ui-button is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-program-options is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-client is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-sharedpreferences is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gen-tcp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
orchardcms-1.6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
orchardcms-1.7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
orchardcms-1.8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
open-graph-protocol is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-settings is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-seekbar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobile-chrome is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mfmailcomposeviewcontroll is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-lambda is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dart-mirrors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rubiks-cube is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-cactiverecord is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reactjs-flux is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
game-maker is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
embedded-fonts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
conditional-comments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rational-team-concert is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++-concepts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nhibernate-criteria is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-studio-2.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-studio-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-lvl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xdt-transform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-administration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
infix-notation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
2d-games is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-profiles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-web-sites is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
materialized-views is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-media-foundation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-scrollview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-express is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stdthread is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
user-defined-literals is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
change-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
embeddedwebserver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
database-partitioning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
buffer-geometry is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bounded-contexts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mathematica-frontend is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ews-managed-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nest-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html-sanitizing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-exoplayer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
json-deserialization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-tuning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jrubyonrails is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
react-jsx is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-wave is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-phone-7-emulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-phone-8-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
light-inject is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-10-iot-core is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tokyo-cabinet is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cognos-bi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-email is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-dynamics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-vibration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-broadcast is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ubuntu-unity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-eventhub is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-function is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-ng-if is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-graphview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
formvalidation-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
internal-server-error is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
composite-controls is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
flash-builder4.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
anemic-domain-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gae-module is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cellular-automata is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-optimization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
particle-system is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
units-of-measurement is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
redux-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yield-keyword is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
node-crypto is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fluent-assertions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sage-erp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-search is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
compiled-query is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-chemistry is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
subversion-edge is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-managers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-fbml is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-backup-service is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
codeigniter-form-helper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-editor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-spark-mllib is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
uibackgroundcolor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
finite-element-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unsupervised-learning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
transactional-replication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
knockout-templating is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-vm-role is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-ui-selectable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
osx-gatekeeper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sip-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
credential-providers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cinema-4d is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wso2stratos is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-stringutils is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
service-accounts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
3d-modelling is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
macos-sierra is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pivot-chart is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-collapsingtoolbar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lotus-formula is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-mobile-5.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iif-function is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sp-send-dbmail is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tfs-power-tools is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-wear-notification is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-widgets is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
logstash-grok is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mercurial-queue is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-serialization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
health-kit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
functional-interface is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
assembly-binding-redirect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
owl-carousel-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-ajax is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
setup-deployment is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
factor-lang is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-nearby is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-pro-c is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
video-toolbox is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fiware-orion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nested-form-for is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unity3d-unet is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-components is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ninject-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
typed-arrays is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
az-application-insights is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii2-basic-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
path-variables is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
restful-architecture is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-runonuithread is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
algebraic-data-types is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
automata-theory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-vpc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
paper-trail-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sitecore-ecm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
solaris-10 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virtual-reality is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
formal-methods is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
androiddesignsupport is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
text-decorations is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-sqoop is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
salesforce-chatter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
helix-3d-toolkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aspose-cells is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
qt-installer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-experiments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virtual-address-space is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aws-api-gateway is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dingo-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
team-explorer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-nativeclient is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans-7.2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-vectordrawable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-viewmodel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-exceptions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-ml is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vagrant-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
require-once is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-identity-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
shared-element-transition is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mercurial-hook is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-cdn is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
github-enterprise is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-gson is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-lint is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-elevation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-server-2012 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scala-breeze is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pumping-lemma is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sony-smartwatch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-fusion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
checked-exceptions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-memory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mutation-testing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
construct-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aws-codecommit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
silverlight-3.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
novacode-docx is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
telerik-open-access is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apple-push-notifications is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-navigation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
federated-identity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coordinator-layout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kentor-authservices is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-data is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
j-security-check is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
shell-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zurb-joyride is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-socialite is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
haskell-stack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
modbus-tcp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
liferay-6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rosetta-stone is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matrix-inverse is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
designated-initializer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-foxpro is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
audio-streaming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-iam is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-geocoder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-mediarecorder is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-resource is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tibco-rv is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
huffman-coding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
storage-engines is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
productivity-power-tools is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-ng-click is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sitefinity-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-expansion-files is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
devexpress-mvc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rack-pow is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openshift-cartridge is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unordered-set is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-server-ce is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
clrstoredprocedure is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sieve-of-eratosthenes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rails-migrations is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
autocad-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
inventory-management is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
inter-process-communicat is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-tunneling is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
set-returning-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-dialog is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apps-for-office is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
conversion-operator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unreal-engine4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bing-maps-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-injector is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
url-rewrite-module is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
shadow-mapping is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
volume-shadow-service is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
objective-c-runtime is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-cloudformation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rooted-device is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-loader is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-c-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-fileprovider is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coq-tactic is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symfony-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-textview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
camera-calibration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-kernel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
blackberry-simulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-tool is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xp-cmdshell is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-filter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-radiogroup is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
control-flow-graph is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tfs-migration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
binary-serialization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sharepointdocumentlibrary is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jasper-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
declarative-authorization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matrix-indexing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wicket-6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-gesture is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tizen-emulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
.net-reflector is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
geom-text is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apex-code is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans6.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netbeans6.7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
weblogic-10.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apartment-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
r-raster is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
piranha-cms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-widgets is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
thunderbird-addon is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-looper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-photos is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-slider is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adaptive-layout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
blackberry-webworks is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pdf-conversion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
private-pub is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jms-serializer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tkinter-canvas is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cox-regression is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iterable-unpacking is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
broken-links is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
durandal-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jboss-weld is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
application-loader is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-preferences is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
interactive-brokers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
diamond-problem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
master-theorem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-idle is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-ngmodel is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-glide is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-agent is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
silverlight-5.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
device-emulation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
typo3-7.6.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-ui-timepicker is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-jmx is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-click-event is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nhibernate-validator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jenkins-plugins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
javascript-namespaces is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-language-runtime is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-datastore is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intel-mkl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
systems-programming is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
function-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-paginator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamics-crm-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
office-communicator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-c++-2008 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pg-dump is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
indexing-service is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
evolutionary-algorithm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unity-webgl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
locality-sensitive-hash is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-testing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
powerpoint-2007 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
osx-leopard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
active-form is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
prestashop-1.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-ce-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
prestashop-1.6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
umbraco-contour is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
datastax-java-driver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-interprocess is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-flink is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-module is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
steam-web-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamics-gp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
f#-data is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-app-engine-python is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fiware-cosmos is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-config-transform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tt-news is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-signals is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-cache is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
net-use is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
github-desktop is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
method-resolution-order is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apple-maps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobile-development is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
preg-replace-callback is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matrix-factorization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
motorola-emdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular2-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-tests is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
here-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-cycle is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bluemix-mobile-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-jet-ace is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
inline-formset is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
declared-property is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
template-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-lambda is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stdmap is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-context is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dart-webui is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virtual-earth is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
automapper-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
monad-transformers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sitecore-mvc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-drive-android-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
abstract-data-type is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-data-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
github-for-mac is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-forms-for-marketers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-backstretch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intermediate-language is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
silverlight-oob is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
secure-gateway is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-product-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
raw-sockets is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-webfonts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lumia-imaging-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
non-linear-regression is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hmail-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssrs-grouping is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
breeze-sharp is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
object-oriented-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssas-2012 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-keypad is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-c++-2005 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firebase-remote-config is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular2-forms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virus-scanning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tao-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-options-method is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibeacon-android is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wcf-ria-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bean-io is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-platform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-sheets-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
opencart-module is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-console is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-acs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
merge-conflict-resolution is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html5-filesystem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobilefirst-studio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ef-database-first is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kohana-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unobtrusive-javascript is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-autocomplete is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bolts-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-publishing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
handlebarshelper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-data-lake is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-middleware is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-sqldw is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-append is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
elasticsearch-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
package-managers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
iphone-sdk-4.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
blackberry-eclipse-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
timer-jobs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
polar-coordinates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-controller-router is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-search is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dhtmlx-scheduler is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
swifty-json is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-i18n is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-resource-manager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dapper-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xpages-extlib is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
first-chance-exception is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cassandra-3.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scala-option is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++builder-xe is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-closure-library is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-stackless is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-beam is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
composer-php is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-popupwindow is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
client-object-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
management-studio-express is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dragonfly-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-cloudfront is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
biztalk-deployment is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
newrelic-platform is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-analytics-v4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-coherence is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sony-smarteyeglass is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
couchbase-view is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-pagination is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-datetime is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
image-segmentation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-contacts is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firebird-embedded is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
q-lang is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hadoop-plugins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
voltrb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
git-alias is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netflix-eureka is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
susy-compass is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jekyll-extensions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
arm-template is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-forge is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-restapi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mysql-error-1064 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-web-developer-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ormlite-servicestack is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
heroku-postgres is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
extjs-stores is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cyclic-reference is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
git-fork is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cilk-plus is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
imagemagick-convert is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-ads-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
websphere-mq-fte is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-url-manager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
symfony-process is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-launcher is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-2013 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
outlook-2016 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-sql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
background-audio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
worklight-security is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
getopt-long is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pose-estimation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asplinkbutton is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-errors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vimeo-player is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
multilabel-classification is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
expression-web is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
encryption-asymmetric is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xilinx-ise is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cocos2d-x-2.x is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-snackbar is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
s#arp-architecture is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
floating-action-button is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
legend-properties is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibmhttpserver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
crystal-reports-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
health-monitoring is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
winrt-component is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
crystal-reports-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azureservicebus is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-alertdialog is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
form-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html-form-post is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
webservices-client is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
local-datastore is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
storage-access-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-apex-5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
deprecation-warning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unsupported-class-version is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
poco-libraries is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mapping-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-gears is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
graphical-layout-editor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-media-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
meteor-helper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coldfusion-9 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-rds-aurora is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
livecycle-designer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cartalyst-sentry is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firebase-dynamic-links is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-manage.py is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
biztalk-2013r2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stdbind is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
meteor-velocity is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jquery-ui-widget-factory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-deployment is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-mpl is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-mpi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
github-for-windows is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
architectural-patterns is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
language-features is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cisco-ios is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rational-rsa is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-service-fabric is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
acm-java-libraries is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ob-start is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ghost-blog is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
textmatebundles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jira-rest-java-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-eclipse-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firefox-3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-code-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
node-pdfkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
url-for is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
multiple-monitors is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-universal is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
okta-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gcc-warning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xcode-instruments is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
recursive-backtracking is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
phone-state-listener is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-widget is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
variadic-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
telerik-reporting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
custom-data-attribute is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-email-settings-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-email is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-database is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
authenticity-token is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
code-first-migrations is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gridview-sorting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
customer-account-data-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
newsstand-kit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
emacs-ecb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
window-handles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
file-uri is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
file-put-contents is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
express-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-tabstrip is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ssis-2012 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
image-zoom is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matlab-engine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-controls is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-button is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
aggregate-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
directed-acyclic-graphs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-route53 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lexical-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cognos-8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
relational-division is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-views is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
recycler-adapter is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ldap-query is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
generate-series is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
atlassian-sourcetree is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
projects-and-solutions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firebase-hosting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
portable-executable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
data-kinds is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
internet-radio is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-httpclient is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tab-delimited-text is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-dynamodb is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wicket-1.6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wicket-1.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
knockout-mapping-plugin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-partialview is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gembox-spreadsheet is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
network-printers is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
confusion-matrix is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wireshark-dissector is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-compute-emulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
object-create is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mail-form is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-timeline is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cakephp-model is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
core-motion is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-rad is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unity-web-player is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yahoo-pipes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
inflate-exception is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-libraries is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-drive-realtime-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
command-objects is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-1.7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mule-component is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
convex-optimization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oraclereports is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
websphere-commerce is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gams-math is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-members is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
chrome-native-messaging is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-1.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-framework-mvc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ms-project-server-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
analytic-functions is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
computational-geometry is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-finance is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mongodb-shell is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
core-telephony is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-ng-repeat is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jboss-eap-6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
reporting-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xslt-grouping is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mercurial-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vs-extensibility is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-fit-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
accelerate-framework is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
excel-match is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-multiprocessing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
agile-processes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wcf-binding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
default-parameters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intel-galileo is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++builder-2010 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bad-alloc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
webmatrix-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
hp-quality-center is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
computer-algebra-systems is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
formal-languages is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
nfc-p2p is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
vim-syntax-highlighting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-ng-disable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
null-object-pattern is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
magento-1.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-searchmanager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cakephp-2.6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
devise-confirmable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-range is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kendo-multiselect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-webflow-2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-logcat is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-plus-signin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
generic-foreign-key is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-httpcomponents is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adobe-analytics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-signals2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-click is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-modules is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pebble-js is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
rad-controls is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-preprocessor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-web-designer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-cognitive is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lossless-compression is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stencil-buffer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sungridengine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-login is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fiware-cygnus is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
skeleton-css-boilerplate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
stdtuple is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
youtube-javascript-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-broadcastreceiver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
smartsheet-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
browser-feature-detection is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firebase-notifications is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-now is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oozie-coordinator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-wsgi is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
osx-snow-leopard is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
silverlight-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
javafx-3d is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
uncaught-typeerror is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-virtual-machine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kohana-orm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mongodb-ruby is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-views is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-closure-templates is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
appium-ios is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-api-js-client is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
winscp-net is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-dispatch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-prediction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
two-factor-authentication is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sitecore8.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-data-integrator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
meteor-blaze is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
virtual-pc is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-c-extension is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-studio-emulator is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-resolution is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-azure-diagnostics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-icons is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-connections is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-appbarlayout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xml-validation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
indesign-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-curses is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
personal-hotspot is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-paradigm is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
scroll-paging is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asp.net-mvc-scaffolding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-sql-database is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
joomla-component is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
postfix-notation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enhanced-ecommerce is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
autodesk-viewer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
yii-events is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
worklight-adapters is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xml-nil is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
bandwidth-throttling is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-adwords is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
unordered-map is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c#-3.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-market-filtering is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
application-cache is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
weak-ptr is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sharepoint-designer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
partial-specialization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
github-mantle is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
viewport-units is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
software-quality is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-cashier is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
file-encodings is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-openid is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-instant-articles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ibm-midrange is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
lua-patterns is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
expression-blend-4 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ensemble-learning is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-status-code-410 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
osx-server is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
dynamic-class-loaders is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
code-standards is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
data-tier-applications is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
atlassian-bitbucketserver is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
oracle-sqldeveloper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mixed-models is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
fabrication-gem is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
filenet-p8 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intel-pin is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tomee-7 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
kohana-auth is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
number-rounding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
activity-manager is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-translate is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-4.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-cloudsearch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
chromium-embedded is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
long-running-processes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-q is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angular-templatecache is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
muenchian-grouping is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-events is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firemonkey-fm3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
firemonkey-fm2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
computation-theory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-db-table is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-container-engine is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook-social-plugins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
boost-date-time is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
microsoft-bits is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
safari-web-inspector is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cognos-tm1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matlab-uitable is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
quartz-graphics is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
.net-4.6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
java-melody is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-framework3 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tornado-motor is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sql-server-2008-express is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
c++builder-6 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
realm-migration is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
currency-formatting is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
samsung-smart-tv is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
array-algorithms is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-storage-blobs is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-swf is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
appcompat-v7-r22.1 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
celery-task is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
groovy-console is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
wcf-data-services is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
maven-profiles is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
market-basket-analysis is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
coded-ui-tests is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
merge-module is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intel-edison is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
telerik-grid is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
code-composer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
python-elixir is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
at-job is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-task is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
crystal-reports-8.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-zookeeper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
va-list is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sdl-ttf is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
resharper-6.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
laravel-seeding is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
phalcon-routing is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
parameterized-query is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
resharper-8.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-design-library is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
xquery-sql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
spring-scheduled is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
static-classes is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
graceful-degradation is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
http-patch is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
apache-commons-beanutils is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
html-datalist is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mathematical-optimization is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-10-universal is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
angularjs-controller is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-tablelayout is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
sp-executesql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ios6-maps is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
matlab-class is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
azure-mobile-app is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
netflix-zuul is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
ieaddon is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
chart.js2 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
revit-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
visual-assist is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pervasive-sql is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
openstack-horizon is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
adobe-edge is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-session is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
zend-search-lucene is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
network-monitoring is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-pubsub is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
arduino-yun is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
intersystems-cache is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
node.js-connect is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
excel-web-query is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
jvm-hotspot is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobile-webkit is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
samsung-mobile-sdk is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
enterprise-library is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
portable-class-library is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-deployment-project is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
amazon-cognito is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
django-serializer is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
operator-keyword is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
broadleaf-commerce is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
double-click-advertising is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-theme is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
eclipse-marketplace is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cpu-speed is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
compiler-theory is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
tomcat-valve is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
responsive-slides is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
redmine-plugins is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
grails-domain-class is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
google-cloud-endpoints is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
eclipse-rap is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
pessimistic-locking is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
web-application-project is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
windows-2000 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
f#-fake is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
android-event is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
cocoalibspotify-2.0 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
asana-api is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
glass-mapper is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
gwt-2.5 is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
3d-reconstruction is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
mobile-application is not in the model!-------------------------------------------------------------------
no category: 7458
no word: 6621
['windows-mobile', 'windows-ce']
['zeromq', 'rabbitmq']
['neo4jphp', 'graphaware']
['inputmismatchexception', 'objectdisposedexception', 'illegalstateexception', 'eofexception']
['dynamics-nav', 'dynamics-crm']
['openears', 'alchemyapi']
['tooltip', 'panel', 'datepicker', 'widget']
['ksh', 'gawk', 'nawk']
['pandas', 'dask', 'pytables']
['josso', 'api-manager']
['eclipselink', 'objectify', 'openjpa', 'spring-data-jpa', 'datanucleus']
['executorservice', 'scheduledexecutorservice']
['richfaces', 'openfaces', 'ajax4jsf', 'trinidad', 'omnifaces', 'icefaces', 'tomahawk']
['kmz', 'shapefile', 'topojson', 'geojson']
['haxe', 'mxml', 'actionscript']
['radiobuttonlist', 'requiredfieldvalidator']
['pjsip', 'apprtcdemo']
['parsley.js', 'bootstrapvalidator', 'jquery-validate', 'formvalidation.io', 'livevalidation']
['icheck', 'bootstrap-datetimepicker', 'bootstrap-multiselect']
['detailsview', 'sqldatasource', 'checkboxlist', 'radgrid', 'radiobuttonlist', 'repeater', 'datalist', 'formview']
['hprof', 'visualvm', 'adb', 'ddms']
['timber', 'genesis']
['orika', 'automapper', 'modelmapper', 'xstream', 'jibx', 'dozer']
['numericupdown', 'maskedtextbox']
['vbscript', 'autoit']
['hotfix', 'patch']
['ipython', 'irb']
['rundeck', 'airflow']
['minix', 'xnu', 'contiki', 'vxworks', 'netbsd', 'xv6']
['cakephp', 'fuelphp', 'codeigniter', 'silverstripe', 'kohana']
['distinct', 'unions', 'union']
['event-driven', 'frp']
['faraday', 'typhoeus']
['jmockit', 'roboguice', 'junit4', 'scalatest', 'robotium', 'junit', 'mockito', 'powermock', 'robolectric']
['busboy', 'gridfs-stream']
['notserializableexception', 'missingmethodexception', 'notsupportedexception', 'propertynotfoundexception']
['jung', 'sigma.js', 'geotools', 'graphstream', 'jgrapht', 'jung2']
['html2pdf', 'mpdf', 'phpthumb']
['parsec', 'attoparsec', 'fparsec']
['datagridcomboboxcolumn', 'datagridtemplatecolumn']
['pascal', 'c++', 'fortran']
['jnetpcap', 'libusb', 'libpcap', 'pcap.net', 'sharppcap', 'winpcap']
['qtip', 'photoswipe', 'colorbox', 'thickbox', 'nyromodal', 'fancybox']
['onblur', 'onsubmit', 'onclick', 'onkeyup', 'onfocus', 'onchange']
['vbscript', 'autoit', 'textmate', 'applescript']
['jnetpcap', 'winpcap', 'directshow.net', 'libpcap', 'sharppcap', 'pcap.net']
['scala', 'xtend', 'rust', 'ceylon', 'kotlin']
['error-handling', 'error-logging']
['rundeck', 'gcloud', 'spinnaker', 'fabric']
['concrete5', 'moodle', 'wordpress']
['w3wp', 'worker-process']
['easeljs', 'raphael', 'fabricjs', 'kineticjs']
['linux', 'ubuntu', 'osx']
['libjpeg', 'cudnn']
['midi', 'smpp', 'mqtt', 'osc']
['dspace', 'ofbiz']
['mspec', 'xunit.net', 'minitest', 'rspec2', 'rspec3']
['testunit', 'webrat', 'minitest', 'rspec2']
['specs2', 'scalatest', 'spock', 'scalacheck', 'midje']
['libc', 'tcmalloc']
['delphi', 'vbscript', 'c#', 'vba', 'vb.net']
['fifo', 'blockingqueue', 'queue']
['tipsy', 'qtip', 'cleditor', 'jeditable']
['strtok', 'strcat', 'strdup']
['fseek', 'feof']
['threadpoolexecutor', 'threadpool']
['swiftmailer', 'actionmailer']
['cfwheels', 'fuelphp', 'nette', 'lithium', 'coldbox']
['jqueryform', 'jquery-cookie']
['specs2', 'unitils', 'rest-assured', 'cucumber-jvm', 'spock', 'spring-test-mvc']
['quartus', 'cadence']
['lcdui', 'vaadin', 'swt', 'gxt', 'jface', 'smartgwt', 'lwuit']
['ibatis', 'mybatis', 'ebean', 'nhibernate', 'hibernate']
['bcrypt-ruby', 'sqlite3-ruby']
['resque', 'celery', 'sidekiq']
['nswindow', 'nspanel', 'nsstatusitem']
['alamofire', 'cocoaasyncsocket', 'afnetworking', 'asihttprequest', 'sdwebimage', 'mknetworkkit']
['anythingslider', 'caroufredsel', 'galleria', 'supersized']
['xts', 'zoo']
['textbox', 'textarea']
['mod-rewrite', 'mod-alias']
['accord.net', 'openears', 'ensembles']
['dokuwiki', 'screwturn']
['engineyard', 'nodejitsu', 'cloudfoundry', 'appharbor']
['readwritelock', 'hashmap', 'weakhashmap', 'concurrenthashmap']
['openfaces', 'primefaces', 'smartgwt', 'gxt', 'jsf', 'icefaces', 'extjs', 'richfaces']
['nsurlsessiondownloadtask', 'nsurlsessionuploadtask']
['slick2d', 'andengine', 'unity3d', 'libgdx']
['timertask', 'nstimer', 'alarmmanager']
['illegalargumentexception', 'indexoutofrangeexception', 'argumentexception', 'objectdisposedexception', 'invalidoperationexception', 'overflowexception', 'argumentnullexception']
['xamdatagrid', 'treeview', 'gridcontrol', 'radgridview', 'radgrid', 'xtragrid', 'radtreeview', 'treelist']
['merb', 'padrino', 'ruby-on-rails']
['ctrlp', 'netrw', 'nerdtree']
['gephi', 'networkx', 'spatstat', 'igraph']
['packets', 'traffic']
['javassist', 'cglib', 'bcel']
['strcpy', 'memcpy', 'strncpy', 'memmove']
['error-handling', 'flow-control']
['sqlparameter', 'tvp']
['winjs', 'vue.js', 'onsen-ui', 'aurelia', 'ionic-framework', 'nativescript']
['sqlite-net', 'crossrider']
['tipsy', 'qtip', 'jqmodal', 'tooltipster', 'simplemodal', 'cluetip', 'qtip2']
['unpivot', 'pivot']
['uiview', 'nsdata', 'nsimage', 'ciimage', 'calayer', 'bufferedimage', 'uiimage']
['push', 'pull']
['farseer', 'box2dweb']
['ocaml', 'scala', 'vala', 'f#', 'haskell', 'racket', 'c++', 'rust']
['bnd', 'maven-jar-plugin', 'bndtools', 'maven-ear-plugin', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'maven-bundle-plugin']
['cocosbuilder', 'cocos2d-js', 'kobold2d']
['testdriven.net', 'dotcover', 'ncover', 'ncrunch', 'opencover']
['scipy', 'mpmath', 'odeint', 'sympy']
['yaml-cpp', 'boost-log']
['clang++', 'nvcc', 'gfortran']
['gson', 'jackson', 'flexjson', 'dozer', 'kryo', 'xstream']
['icarousel', 'swipeview']
['datagridview', 'radgrid', 'listview', 'repeater', 'datalist', 'gridview']
['cancan', 'devise', 'omniauth']
['sha1', 'salt', 'md5', 'hash']
['configparser', 'pyyaml', 'argparse', 'optparse']
['vlookup', 'countif']
['autosuggest', 'autocomplete']
['allegro5', 'sdl', 'fltk', 'glfw', 'wxwidgets', 'allegro']
['tilemill', 'mapsforge', 'mapserver', 'mapnik']
['fuzzywuzzy', 'psutil', 'pybrain', 'simpy']
['zip4j', 'sharpziplib']
['sigkill', 'sigint', 'sigpipe']
['xfs', 'filesystems']
['tcpdf', 'fpdf', 'phpmailer']
['xamdatagrid', 'gridcontrol', 'radgrid', 'xtragrid', 'radtreeview', 'radgridview']
['jmstemplate', 'resttemplate']
['nsdata', 'nsstring', 'nsurl']
['wxwidgets', 'glfw', 'fltk']
['elf', 'pe', 'coff']
['trojan', 'virus']
['maya', '3dsmax', 'blender']
['gentoo', 'sunos', 'openbsd', 'netbsd', 'opensolaris']
['jscript.net', 'nemerle', 'unityscript', 'haxe', 'vala', 'unrealscript']
['spring-social-facebook', 'spring-social-twitter']
['unity3d', 'scenekit', 'cocos2d-js', 'unity5']
['elgg', 'vbulletin', 'phpbb', 'phpfox']
['scenekit', 'glkit']
['jasypt', 'phpass']
['thread-local', 'thread-local-storage']
['ldap', 'kerberos']
['jqwidget', 'webix', 'kendo-ui', 'shieldui']
['mesos', 'pacemaker']
['eventlet', 'reactphp', 'gevent', 'anyevent']
['nsopenglview', 'nsviewcontroller', 'nswindowcontroller']
['itemscontrol', 'expander']
['avr-gcc', 'scip', 'cppcheck', 'frama-c']
['richfaces', 'zk', 'gwt', 'smartgwt', 'extjs', 'tapestry', 'wicket', 'vaadin']
['mouseup', 'keydown', 'mousedown']
['adaboost', 'knn']
['lombok', 'dagger-2']
['arrayfire', 'fftw', 'cublas', 'cufft']
['charat', 'strpos', 'indexof']
['vbulletin', 'silverstripe', 'cs-cart']
['tooltip', 'parallax', 'marquee']
['gnutls', 'sshj', 'sharpssh', 'libssh2', 'libcurl', 'libwebsockets', 'libssh']
['data-warehouse', 'relational-database']
['nlp', 'data-mining', 'text-mining']
['octopress', 'yeoman', 'gitbook', 'hexo']
['libmysql', 'soci']
['uefi', 'bios']
['changelistener', 'focuslistener', 'listselectionlistener', 'documentlistener', 'propertychangelistener']
['sinon', 'mocha', 'should.js', 'qunit', 'chai']
['xmpp', 'chat']
['quicksort', 'algorithm']
['dictionary', 'concurrenthashmap', 'multimap', 'hashmap']
['pypy', 'cpython', 'cython']
['signpost', 'odata4j', 'javapns', 'opensaml']
['qvector', 'qlist', 'qimage', 'qstring', 'qbytearray']
['izpack', 'inno-setup']
['rrule', 'eml', 'icalendar']
['mockery', 'fakeiteasy', 'moq', 'easymock', 'nsubstitute']
['nunjucks', 'mustache', 'mustache.php']
['glkit', 'sprite-kit', 'scenekit']
['midje', 'specs2', 'quickcheck', 'scalamock', 'jmockit', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'junit4', 'spock', 'fscheck', 'scalacheck']
['awt', 'swt', 'styledtext', 'lwuit', 'lcdui']
['drawerlayout', 'viewgroup']
['pem', 'pkcs#12', 'pfx']
['cartodb', 'mapnik', 'tilemill']
['glut', 'wxwidgets', 'xlib', 'glib', 'xcb']
['rickshaw', 'morris.js', 'canvasjs', 'c3.js', 'dc.js', 'graphael', 'nvd3.js']
['pandaboard', 'beagleboneblack']
['findviewbyid', 'setcontentview']
['icheck', 'qtip2', 'bootstrap-multiselect', 'bootstrap-datepicker', 'bootstrap-datetimepicker', 'bootstrap-switch']
['maven-dependency-plugin', 'maven-jar-plugin', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'maven-antrun-plugin']
['submatrix', 'matrix']
['rickshaw', 'graphael', 'rcharts', 'flot', 'c3.js', 'dygraphs']
['backtracking', 'greedy']
['nsbezierpath', 'uibezierpath']
['kony', 'spagobi', 'wakanda']
['bluebird', 'bacon.js', 'highland.js']
['pyusb', 'libsndfile', 'libpcap', 'libusb']
['jacoco', 'emma', 'eclemma', 'cobertura']
['webforms', 'asp.net']
['fread', 'fseek']
['simpleadapter', 'simplecursoradapter']
['illegalargumentexception', 'indexoutofrangeexception', 'indexoutofboundsexception']
['grizzly', 'dropwizard', 'restlet']
['primefaces-extensions', 'primefaces-mobile']
['prestodb', 'apache-drill']
['zendesk', 'yodlee']
['printdialog', 'print-preview']
['backslash', 'apostrophe']
['bower', 'jspm', 'tsd']
['concrete5', 'socialengine']
['querydsl', 'mybatis', 'hibernate', 'jdbi', 'ibatis']
['selectable', 'sortable']
['git', 'bazaar', 'perforce', 'cvs']
['hgweb', 'gitweb']
['rar', 'ziparchive', 'phar']
['java.util.concurrent', 'plinq', 'tbb', 'omnithreadlibrary']
['genshi', 'smarty', 'mako', 'jinja']
['npoi', 'excel-dna']
['jacoco', 'cobertura', 'dotcover', 'eclemma', 'emma']
['leptonica', 'libpng', 'libsndfile', 'libjpeg']
['pulseaudio', 'dbus']
['pywin32', 'feedparser', 'comtypes', 'psutil']
['sigsegv', 'sigabrt']
['solidworks', 'excel-dna', 'mappoint']
['vagrant', 'virtualbox']
['asp.net-mvc', 'asp.net-core']
['plyr', 'stringr', 'plotrix', 'qdap', 'stringi']
['gml', 'pmml', 'graphml']
['qpushbutton', 'qcheckbox', 'qgraphicsview', 'qcombobox', 'qplaintextedit', 'qslider']
['httpbuilder', 'webharvest']
['jmenubar', 'jmenuitem', 'jpopupmenu']
['celluloid', 'tornado', 'gevent', 'eventlet']
['biztalk', 'streaminsight']
['angular-bootstrap', 'ngroute', 'ngsanitize', 'ui.bootstrap']
['drupal', 'episerver']
['capistrano', 'rubygems', 'rvm', 'sprockets', 'bundler']
['nonblocking', 'blocking']
['floyd-warshall', 'a-star']
['scrollbar', 'scrollbars']
['jmenuitem', 'jradiobutton', 'jcheckbox']
['feed', 'feeds']
['spring-social-twitter', 'spring-social-facebook']
['mspec', 'quickcheck', 'xunit.net', 'autofixture', 'specflow', 'fakeiteasy', 'scalacheck', 'fscheck']
['octopress', 'keystonejs', 'padrino', 'mezzanine', 'dashing']
['ilasm', 'ildasm']
['rendering', 'redraw', 'render']
['autosys', 'lsf', 'control-m']
['parsec', 'messagepack', 'msgpack', 'aeson', 'kryo', 'cereal']
['pouchdb', 'simperium']
['xlrd', 'pdfminer', 'pypdf', 'python-docx']
['calayer', 'uitableview', 'uiview']
['websharper', 'razorengine', 'script#']
['spymemcached', 'jedis', 'booksleeve', 'stackexchange.redis']
['thymeleaf', 'tiles2', 'sitemesh']
['ostringstream', 'istream', 'ostream']
['django-rest-framework', 'fosrestbundle']
['cruisecontrol.net', 'cruisecontrol', 'buildbot']
['comexception', 'missingmethodexception', 'targetinvocationexception']
['enyo', 'sparkle', 'rhodes', 'qooxdoo', 'javascriptmvc', 'cappuccino']
['mhtml', 'eml']
['scrollmagic', 'skrollr', 'fullpage.js', 'mmenu', 'imagemapster', 'intro.js']
['mustache', 'nunjucks']
['qlikview', 'microstrategy', 'powerview', 'powerbi']
['mapsforge', 'graphhopper']
['traminer', 'quantmod', 'quantstrat']
['enyo', 'zepto', 'xui', 'appframework', 'qooxdoo', 'jqmobi']
['pcsc', 'hal']
['textblock', 'tabcontrol', 'contentcontrol']
['picketlink', 'josso']
['goroutine', 'runloop']
['cesium', 'pixi.js', 'reactjs', 'famo.us']
['join', 'cross-join']
['arangodb', 'rethinkdb', 'couchbase', 'couchdb']
['anorm', 'spring-data', 'casbah']
['microstrategy', 'obiee']
['cufft', 'cublas', 'opencl']
['vtk', 'opencv4android', 'emgucv', 'dlib', 'opencv']
['angular-ui', 'ui-select2']
['hmisc', 'knitr', 'gstat', 'stargazer']
['liblinear', 'gensim', 'libsvm', 'xgboost', 'scikit-learn']
['chai-as-promised', 'supertest']
['uicontrol', 'uigesturerecognizer']
['render', 'rendering']
['scilab', 'abaqus']
['dancer', 'mojolicious', 'web2py', 'catalyst']
['zpl', 'xps', 'postscript']
['string.h', 'cmath']
['cloudflare', 'nginx', 'varnish']
['voicexml', 'vxml']
['mako', 'hamlet']
['avx', 'avx2']
['arrayfire', 'gsl', 'lapack', 'armadillo', 'petsc', 'cufft', 'cublas', 'fftw']
['gnutls', 'libssh2', 'pycrypto', 'libcurl', 'libwebsockets', 'libtorrent']
['hive', 'hdfs']
['ucanaccess', 'jtds']
['quicksort', 'sieve']
['h5py', 'hdf5']
['syntax-highlighting', 'code-completion']
['sed', 'regex']
['nvl', 'isnull', 'coalesce']
['spring-batch', 'quartz.net']
['websphere', 'ibm']
['twitter-bootstrap', 'twitter-bootstrap-3']
['phpredis', 'hiredis']
['libxml2', 'beautifulsoup', 'elementtree', 'html5lib', 'lxml.html', 'lxml']
['unity3d', 'corona']
['uibutton', 'uilabel']
['event-sourcing', 'cqrs']
['luasocket', 'libssh2', 'libtorrent', 'libssh', 'libwebsockets']
['netmask', 'subnet']
['capybara-webkit', 'poltergeist']
['libharu', 'pdfminer', 'poppler']
['slide', 'transition']
['mspec', 'ncrunch', 'xunit.net', 'mbunit', 'dotcover', 'ncover', 'testdriven.net']
['pdfminer', 'feedparser', 'zip4j', 'textblob', 'boilerpipe']
['mailkit', 'system.net.mail']
['bmp', 'gif', 'tiff', 'png']
['armadillo', 'cufft', 'fftw', 'cublas', 'arrayfire']
['ocaml', 'haskell', 'sml', 'mit-scheme', 'racket']
['calabash', 'buildozer', 'calabash-ios', 'calabash-android']
['slick2d', 'box2d', 'jbox2d', 'libgdx', 'andengine']
['libgdx', 'andengine', 'cocos2d-js', 'playn', 'cocoonjs']
['openam', 'opensso', 'shibboleth', 'pingfederate']
['pygobject', 'gobject']
['masstransit', 'apache-kafka']
['code-completion', 'edit-and-continue']
['werkzeug', 'cherrypy', 'web.py', 'webapp2']
['ocaml', 'f#', 'rust', 'c#', 'pascal', 'haskell', 'fortran', 'c++']
['ui.bootstrap', 'angular-mock']
['activeadmin', 'formtastic']
['gacutil', 'regasm']
['struts1', 'sitemesh', 'tiles2']
['stackexchange.redis', 'spymemcached', 'jedis', 'booksleeve']
['titlebar', 'aero']
['uigesturerecognizer', 'uitouch']
['jspdf', 'dompdf', 'mpdf', 'rotativa', 'html2pdf']
['text-mining', 'data-mining']
['system.data', 'system.drawing']
['savefiledialog', 'qfiledialog', 'openfiledialog', 'folderbrowserdialog']
['armadillo', 'fftw', 'cublas', 'gsl', 'lapack']
['downcast', 'downcasting']
['tiff', 'psd']
['m4a', 'opus', 'aac', 'wma', '3gp', 'amr']
['stdout', 'output']
['strtok', 'atoi', 'strstr', 'qsort', 'strcat', 'strlen', 'memcmp', 'strcmp']
['xperf', 'gflags']
['getc', 'fscanf', 'fgetc', 'getchar', 'fgets']
['sencha-touch', 'xui', 'qooxdoo', 'nativescript', 'jqmobi', 'enyo']
['fossil', 'bazaar']
['ssdp', 'coap', 'ws-discovery']
['lync', 'thunderbird', 'outlook']
['ios8.1', 'ios9.2', 'ios9.1']
['ghostdriver', 'browsermob-proxy']
['dependency-injection', 'command-pattern']
['asp.net-mvc-5', 'asp.net-mvc-4']
['asp.net-mvc-4', 'asp.net-mvc-5']
['sharekit', 'inappsettingskit']
['elf', 'dylib', 'coff', 'mach-o']
['wma', '3gp', 'wmv']
['m4a', 'wmv', 'amr', '3gp', 'wma']
['pandas', 'incanter', 'deedle']
['mouseover', 'mouseout', 'mousehover']
['roundcube', 'phplist']
['mocha', 'jasmine', 'capybara', 'cucumberjs', 'qunit', 'protractor']
['observablecollection', 'arraycollection']
['bios', 'fastboot']
['comtypes', 'pysftp']
['angular-datatables', 'd3v4']
['winusb', 'kernel-mode', 'minifilter']
['three20', 'pdfjs', 'aviary', 'quicklook']
['imagemagick', 'mogrify']
['netmsmqbinding', 'wsdualhttpbinding', 'basichttpbinding']
['inotifypropertychanged', 'inotifycollectionchanged']
['ios8', 'ios10', 'ios9', 'tvos']
['qooxdoo', 'wxwidgets', 'firebreath']
['gatling', 'blazemeter', 'loadrunner', 'grinder']
['scite', 'text-editor']
['jmockit', 'nsubstitute', 'spock', 'powermock', 'moq', 'fakeiteasy', 'easymock', 'mockito']
['slick2d', 'away3d', 'jbox2d', 'jmonkeyengine']
['qdialog', 'qpushbutton', 'qdockwidget', 'qmainwindow']
['omnet++', 'systemc']
['armadillo', 'vlfeat', 'fann', 'leptonica', 'dlib']
['maemo', 'bada', 'symbian']
['magento', 'episerver', 'drupal']
['teamcity', 'tfs']
['mootools', 'jquery-ui', 'jquery']
['ls', 'grep']
['osmdroid', 'skmaps']
['nlme', 'glmnet', 'mgcv', 'lmfit']
['nativescript', 'ionic-framework', 'onsen-ui']
['rickshaw', 'morris.js', 'c3.js', 'flot', 'nvd3.js', 'jqplot', 'chartist.js']
['compoundjs', 'derbyjs']
['cluetip', 'qtip2', 'nyromodal', 'tooltipster', 'fancybox', 'blockui', 'thickbox', 'colorbox', 'tipsy', 'qtip']
['nancy', 'spring.net', 'openrasta']
['compojure', 'scalatra', 'dropwizard', 'spray']
['fabric8', 'cloudify']
['apktool', 'zipalign']
['kmz', 'tmx', 'mbtiles']
['google-chrome', 'gnome-shell']
['eventmachine', 'gevent', 'eventlet', 'celluloid']
['superclass', 'finalizer', 'destructor']
['ontouchevent', 'ontouch']
['jsonresult', 'redirecttoaction']
['powermanager', 'wakelock']
['unpack', 'pack']
['nscache', 'nsurlprotocol', 'nsurlcache']
['onchange', 'onmouseover', 'onload', 'onsubmit', 'onclientclick', 'onclick']
['currying', 'subtyping', 'composition']
['alasset', 'phasset']
['uglifyjs2', 'gulp-uglify', 'jshint', 'uglifyjs']
['sensu', 'cacti', 'ganglia', 'opennms']
['react-router-redux', 'redux-saga', 'mobx']
['t4', 'codesmith']
['jnetpcap', 'libusb', 'sharppcap', 'winpcap', 'libpcap']
['bootstrap-multiselect', 'icheck', 'knockout-validation', 'jquery-chosen']
['slick2d', 'box2d', 'chipmunk', 'andengine', 'jmonkeyengine', 'jbox2d']
['plupload', 'uploadify', 'jquery-file-upload', 'dropzone.js']
['pubmed', 'musicbrainz', 'imdb', 'geonames', 'freebase']
['spring-data-jpa', 'spring-data-mongodb', 'spring-data-cassandra']
['love2d', 'roblox']
['dc.js', 'flot', 'c3.js', 'highcharts', 'jqplot', 'chart.js']
['jcarousel', 'packery', 'gridster']
['cacti', 'awstats', 'ganglia', 'munin']
['node-sass', 'gulp-sourcemaps', 'gulp-less', 'grunt-contrib-watch', 'gulp-sass']
['mediaelement.js', 'jwplayer', 'flowplayer']
['scenekit', 'rajawali', 'pixi.js', 'babylonjs']
['ant', 'msdeploy', 'nant', 'teamcity', 'msbuild']
['fbx', '.obj']
['qmake', 'scons', 'bjam']
['vtk', 'babylonjs', 'blender', 'mayavi', 'openscad']
['jrules', 'drools']
['hapijs', 'beego', 'feathersjs', 'loopbackjs']
['login', 'logout']
['audiorecord', 'audiotrack', 'mediarecorder', 'mediacodec']
['handlebars.js', 'ember.js', 'canjs', 'sammy.js']
['qgraphicsscene', 'qcombobox', 'qtableview', 'qtablewidget', 'qtreewidget', 'qtreeview', 'qlistwidget']
['restructuredtext', 'asciidoc', 'bbcode', 'textile']
['transpiler', 'traceur', 'emscripten', 'babeljs', 'dart2js']
['youtube-api', 'vimeo-api']
['graylog', 'logstash-forwarder']
['multiplication', 'modulo', 'subtraction']
['epplus', 'csvhelper', 'opencsv', 'filehelpers']
['string.h', 'iostream']
['restcomm', 'opensips']
['rickshaw', 'flipclock', 'jqplot', 'gridster', 'justgage']
['seaborn', 'matplotlib', 'rcharts', 'mayavi', 'mpld3', 'bokeh']
['ocaml', 'pypy', 'rust', 'jython', 'ironpython', 'cython', 'cpython']
['lnk2019', 'lnk2001']
['ncurses', 'glfw', 'wxwidgets', 'glib']
['detailsview', 'gridview', 'datalist', 'checkboxlist', 'radgrid', 'radiobuttonlist', 'formview', 'repeater']
['antbuilder', 'httpbuilder']
['systemc', 'veins', 'omnet++']
['magick++', 'aforge', 'gdcm', 'cimg']
['testcomplete', 'sahi', 'qtp', 'grinder', 'loadrunner']
['pdfminer', 'reportlab', 'princexml', 'pypdf', 'html2pdf', 'pisa']
['tweetsharp', 'wif', 'lightopenid', 'dotnetopenauth']
['ereg', 'eregi']
['uicollectionviewlayout', 'uistoryboardsegue', 'uiactivity']
['obfuscation', 'decompiling', 'reverse-engineering']
['vhdl', 'ampl', 'modelica', 'minizinc', 'promela']
['guid', 'key']
['git-gui', 'gitk']
['odt', 'xls', 'docx', 'xlsx']
['addslashes', 'mysql-real-escape-string']
['wsdl.exe', 'tlbimp']
['rar', '7zip', 'iexpress', 'winrar']
['rodbc', 'rpostgresql', 'rmongodb']
['vert.x', 'cometd']
['pow', 'sin', 'sqrt']
['https', 'rpc', 'http']
['multimap', 'sortedmap']
['emacs', 'vim', 'gedit', 'aquamacs', 'textmate', 'macvim']
['opencv', 'aforge', 'opencv4android', 'directshow.net', 'emgucv']
['pbs', 'autosys', 'lsf']
['xslt', 'xquery']
['xml', 'xsd']
['fancybox', 'simplemodal', 'jqmodal', 'thickbox', 'colorbox', 'nyromodal']
['tsv', 'hdf5', 'orc', 'fastq', 'parquet']
['resteasy', 'spring-data', 'spring-data-jpa', 'spring-data-mongodb', 'spring-data-rest']
['tabcontrol', 'tablelayoutpanel']
['treegrid', 'listgrid', 'treetable']
['nemerle', 'object-pascal', 'jscript.net', 'oxygene']
['plyr', 'stringr', 'quantmod', 'performanceanalytics', 'reshape2', 'plotrix', 'stringi', 'lubridate']
['nswindowcontroller', 'nsviewcontroller']
['springfox', 'apiary.io', 'restlet', 'apiary']
['flixel', 'finch']
['geb', 'specs2', 'junit4', 'specflow', 'scalatest', 'spock', 'thucydides', 'cucumber-jvm']
['elastix', 'freeswitch']
['avassetreader', 'avassetwriter', 'nsoutputstream']
['type-erasure', 'autoboxing']
['nsbezierpath', 'uibezierpath', 'mkpolygon']
['geokit', 'gmaps4rails']
['ios8', 'ios7', 'ios9', 'ios4', 'ios10']
['verilog', 'vhdl']
['mongolab', 'mongohq']
['mocha-phantomjs', 'test-kitchen', 'minitest', 'testunit', 'chefspec']
['midje', 'parsec', 'scalacheck', 'specs2', 'scalatest', 'fscheck', 'autofixture', 'quickcheck']
['nsmutableset', 'nsindexpath']
['jpeg2000', 'file-format']
['thrift', 'kryo', 'xstream', 'avro']
['xtratreelist', 'aspmenu']
['datejs', 'tapku']
['jibx', 'dataweave', 'xstream', 'smooks']
['letter-spacing', 'text-indent']
['factorial', 'fizzbuzz']
['livecycle', 'orbeon']
['laravel-elixir', 'gulp-sass', 'node-sass']
['chefspec', 'kiwi', 'lettuce']
['richfaces', 'tomahawk', 'ajax4jsf', 'trinidad', 'primefaces', 'openfaces', 'icefaces']
['bsearch', 'usort', 'strcmp', 'memcmp', 'qsort']
['angularfire', 'angularfire2']
['wtforms', 'z3c.form']
['opencpu', 'deployd', 'hapijs', 'spagobi', 'jsreport']
['mayavi', 'traitsui']
['uitextview', 'uisearchbar']
['nskeyedarchiver', 'nskeyedunarchiver']
['acts-as-taggable-on', 'activescaffold']
['armadillo', 'petsc', 'fftw', 'lapack', 'gsl']
['sigabrt', 'sigsegv']
['resque', 'sidekiq', 'rabbitmq', 'celery']
['sbt-assembly', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'onejar']
['fputs', 'fflush']
['chart.js', 'highstock', 'jqplot', 'flot', 'd3.js', 'highcharts']
['basichttpbinding', 'wsdualhttpbinding', 'netmsmqbinding']
['brainfuck', 'quine']
['weld', 'resteasy', 'openjpa', 'openejb']
['scribe', 'facebook4j', 'twython', 'jtwitter', 'tweetsharp', 'tweepy', 'twitter4j']
['drawrectangle', 'drawstring']
['detailsview', 'datalist', 'checkboxlist', 'repeater', 'radiobuttonlist']
['rdp', 'telnet', 'remote-desktop']
['plpgsql', 'plsql', 'sqlclr']
['gprof', 'callgrind', 'vtune']
['httprequest', 'httpresponse']
['pos-tagger', 'lemmatization', 'pos-tagging']
['hmisc', 'quantmod', 'plotrix', 'quantreg', 'performanceanalytics']
['dancer', 'web.py', 'catalyst', 'mojolicious']
['function-object', 'thunk']
['homebrew', 'macports']
['pfx', 'jks', 'pem', 'pkcs#12']
['ocaml', 'apl', 'abap', 'qbasic', 'mql4']
['wlan', 'tunnel', 'lan', 'vpn']
['ssms', 'ssis']
['elf', 'pe', 'coff', 'dwarf']
['phalanger', 'quercus']
['revit', 'visio']
['easymock', 'bcel', 'javassist', 'powermock', 'cglib']
['kony', 'wakanda', 'saiku', 'spagobi']
['for-loop', 'foreach']
['yui3', 'mootools', 'jquery-ui', 'extjs', 'dojo']
['angular-resource', 'ngroute', 'ngresource']
['glx', 'x11']
['bubble-sort', 'breadth-first-search', 'depth-first-search', 'binary-search']
['javadoc', 'scaladoc']
['nstableview', 'nscollectionview', 'nsoutlineview']
['ivalueconverter', 'imultivalueconverter']
['wlan', 'netmask', 'mac-address']
['mspec', 'mbunit', 'testdriven.net', 'specflow', 'xunit.net', 'junit', 'nunit']
['mqtt', 'smpp', 'stomp']
['specs2', 'spock', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'protractor', 'qunit', 'geb']
['richfaces', 'tapestry', 'jsf', 'wicket', 'seam']
['uitextinput', 'uiaccessibility']
['canvasjs', 'highstock', 'graphael', 'highcharts', 'jqplot', 'fusioncharts']
['meanjs', 'angular-fullstack']
['cardview', 'ratingbar']
['bufferedwriter', 'fileinputstream', 'gzipinputstream', 'fileoutputstream', 'bytearrayinputstream']
['sockjs', 'reactphp', 'ratchet']
['enyo', 'trigger.io', 'cappuccino', 'rhodes']
['tarfile', 'os.path', 'shutil']
['uitabcontroller', 'uitabview']
['ghostscript', 'pdftk']
['flask-sqlalchemy', 'flask-security', 'flask-mongoengine']
['googletest', 'xctest', 'kif', 'cppunit', 'ocunit']
['tomahawk', 'openfaces', 'jstl', 'richfaces', 'jxls', 'omnifaces', 'icefaces', 'displaytag']
['peerjs', 'teamspeak']
['django', 'cherrypy', 'mezzanine', 'fuelphp', 'web.py', 'web2py']
['dask', 'pytables', 'dplyr', 'scipy', 'pandas']
['nsbezierpath', 'nsbitmapimagerep', 'ciimage', 'uiimage', 'nsimage']
['octave', 'imagej']
['gpx', 'topojson', 'mbtiles', 'kmz']
['jasypt', 'play-slick', 'typesafe-config']
['beyondcompare', 'winmerge']
['ruby-on-rails', 'zend-framework2', 'laravel-5']
['chartboost', 'openfeint']
['mspec', 'typemock', 'xunit.net', 'mbunit', 'fakeiteasy', 'justmock', 'moles']
['uglifyjs', 'django-pipeline', 'squishit']
['modelica', 'netlogo']
['box2dweb', 'farseer']
['poppler', 'pdfminer', 'reportlab', 'pisa', 'python-docx', 'pypdf']
['specs2', 'unitils', 'jmockit', 'scalatest', 'spock', 'fakeiteasy', 'easymock', 'scalamock']
['qtextedit', 'styledtext']
['pypyodbc', 'pyodbc']
['cfwheels', 'playframework', 'scalatra', 'laravel-4', 'ruby-on-rails', 'fw1']
['nodejitsu', 'cloudfoundry', 'engineyard']
['nsvalue', 'nsnumber', 'nsdecimalnumber']
['caffe', 'pybrain', 'lasagne']
['qmainwindow', 'qscrollarea', 'qgridlayout', 'qdockwidget']
['jython', 'rubinius', 'jruby']
['socialengine', 'activecollab']
['cloudfoundry', 'fabric8', 'cloudhub']
['ext.net', 'devextreme', 'kendo-ui', 'extjs3', 'extjs4.1']
['nvl', 'listagg']
['uipangesturerecognizer', 'uiswipegesturerecognizer', 'uitapgesturerecognizer']
['sfdoctrineguard', 'sfguard']
['glkit', 'core-graphics', 'core-animation']
['trigger.io', 'qooxdoo', 'tidesdk']
['spring.net', 'razorengine', 'mvcsitemap', 'mvcsitemapprovider']
['freeradius', 'openldap']
['asp.net', 'webforms']
['grizzly', 'jetty']
['chipmunk', 'bulletphysics', 'physics-engine']
['leptonica', 'opencv4android', 'tesseract', 'tess4j']
['sails-postgresql', 'sails-mongo', 'emberfire']
['profiling', 'debugging']
['eloquent', 'fluentvalidation', 'activemodel', 'ardent']
['manualresetevent', 'autoresetevent']
['caffe', 'scipy', 'tensorflow', 'armadillo', 'xgboost', 'scikit-learn', 'theano']
['tornado', 'meteor', 'node.js']
['ajp', 'iiop']
['xmldatasource', 'sqldatasource', 'entitydatasource']
['skemitternode', 'skshapenode', 'skphysicsbody']
['variable-variables', 'class-variables']
['rickshaw', 'cytoscape.js', 'highcharts', 'dc.js', 'sigma.js', 'nvd3.js', 'flot', 'd3.js']
['recurly', 'activemerchant']
['nsurl', 'nserror']
['rgdal', 'arcmap', 'arcpy']
['uiview', 'uicollectionview', 'uitextview', 'uitableview']
['bundler', 'rvm', 'bcrypt-ruby', 'rubygems']
['vagrant', 'docker-compose']
['qgis', 'geoserver']
['aerospike', 'couchbase', 'neo4j', 'rethinkdb', 'couchdb', 'arangodb']
['genesis', 'octobercms', 'timber']
['onkeydown', 'keyevent']
['addeventlistener', 'delegation']
['junit4', 'swtbot', 'ocunit', 'robolectric', 'calabash', 'kif', 'uiautomator', 'testng', 'robotium']
['memorycache', 'lazy-initialization']
['qsort', 'strstr', 'memcmp', 'bsearch']
['png', 'bmp', 'jpeg2000', 'tiff']
['openerp-7', 'odoo', 'openerp']
['jinja2', 'template-toolkit']
['php', 'curl']
['pypi', 'sourceforge']
['prestashop', 'virtuemart', 'magmi']
['caliburn', 'mvvmcross', 'prism', 'catel']
['xfs', 'ntfs']
['celery', 'kombu', 'resque', 'python-rq']
['node-mongodb-native', 'mongoskin']
['ocaml', 'racket', 'emacs', 'mit-scheme', 'elisp']
['bitvector', 'bitarray', 'bitstring']
['nant', 'psake']
['uicollectionviewcell', 'uipageviewcontroller', 'uitableview', 'uicollectionview']
['docx', 'chm']
['ord', 'chr']
['zfcuser', 'bjyauthorize']
['tail-recursion', 'y-combinator']
['sqlite3', 'sqlite']
['invoice', 'invoices']
['spyne', 'suds']
['nunjucks', 'mustache']
['jbox2d', 'andengine', 'jmonkeyengine', 'libgdx', 'slick2d']
['infowindow', 'infobox']
['coap', 'xmpp', 'smpp', 'stomp', 'mqtt']
['gwtp', 'rest-assured', 'android-annotations']
['domxpath', 'domdocument']
['haskell-mode', 'cider']
['buildbot', 'nant', 'cruisecontrol.net', 'teamcity', 'cruisecontrol']
['.obj', 'wavefront']
['dotcms', 'ckan']
['getline', 'atoi', 'strtok', 'fread', 'sscanf', 'printf', 'scanf']
['adventureworks', 'northwind']
['non-type', 'class-template']
['word-vba', 'vba', 'excel-vba']
['authorize.net', 'billing', 'paypal', 'payment']
['outlook', 'mutt', 'roundcube', 'thunderbird']
['chartist.js', 'rgraph', 'achartengine', 'c3.js', 'nvd3.js', 'dotnethighcharts']
['tstringlist', 'qlist', 'tlist']
['valgrind', 'gcov', 'coverity', 'cppcheck']
['jgroups', 'terracotta', 'hazelcast', 'infinispan']
['oodbms', 'rdbms']
['minimagick', 'prawn', 'refile', 'paperclip']
['objectdataprovider', 'xmldataprovider']
['redactor', 'wysihtml5', 'codemirror', 'ace-editor']
['sql-update', 'sql-delete', 'sql-insert']
['tween.js', 'snap.svg', 'raphael', 'svg.js']
['hpple', 'htmlcleaner', 'simple-html-dom']
['graphml', 'gml']
['gsl', 'mpfr', 'lapack', 'ntl', 'fftw', 'gmp']
['log4r', 'log4php', 'log4cxx']
['touch-events', 'touch-event']
['rdflib', 'jena', 'jgrapht', 'dotnetrdf']
['gfortran', 'nvcc']
['ampps', 'wampserver', 'easyphp']
['dismax', 'edismax']
['objectinputstream', 'bufferedwriter', 'printwriter', 'fileoutputstream', 'objectoutputstream']
['bit-shift', 'bitwise-or']
['freeswitch', 'elastix']
['jdoql', 'jcr-sql2']
['dbvisualizer', 'sequel']
['nvd3.js', 'morris.js', 'c3.js', 'canvasjs']
['control-m', 'lsf', 'autosys']
['richfaces', 'vaadin', 'primefaces', 'smartgwt', 'gxt', 'dojo', 'wicket', 'extjs']
['nsstring', 'nsurl', 'uiimage', 'nsimage', 'nsdata']
['os.system', 'runtime.exec']
['myeclipse', 'netbeans']
['handlebars.js', 'knockout.js', 'jsviews']
['wxpython', 'pyglet', 'kivy']
['handlebars.js', 'hogan.js']
['nlopt', 'glpk', 'cvxopt']
['logstash-forwarder', 'zabbix', 'graylog']
['gridcontrol', 'radgridview', 'xtragrid', 'webdatagrid', 'radtreeview', 'tcxgrid']
['floyd-warshall', 'dijkstra']
['magit', 'eshell', 'paredit', 'tramp']
['dtls', 'http2', 'spdy']
['dotnetrdf', 'networkx', 'feedparser', 'rdflib']
['twitch', 'hangout']
['code-signing', 'authenticode']
['jquery-validate', 'bootstrapvalidator', 'parsley.js', 'livevalidation', 'formvalidation.io', 'jqbootstrapvalidation']
['vundle', 'pathogen']
['fuelphp', 'phpactiverecord', 'redbean']
['enyo', 'nativescript', 'smartgwt', 'cappuccino', 'qooxdoo']
['rickshaw', 'morris.js', 'flot', 'graphael', 'nvd3.js', 'jqplot', 'sparklines']
['ng-switch', 'ng-include']
['mongoimport', 'mongodump']
['qbytearray', 'qstring']
['sctp', 'dtls']
['nsregularexpression', 'qregexp']
['jruby', 'rubinius']
['appharbor', 'engineyard', 'cloudfoundry', 'nodejitsu']
['docx4j', 'itextsharp', 'pdfbox', 'itext7']
['ocaml', 'rust', 'dart', 'elixir', 'purescript', 'haskell', 'elm']
['nsimageview', 'nsviewcontroller', 'nsopenglview']
['imagemapster', 'qtip2', 'syntaxhighlighter']
['slidedown', 'slideup']
['httpresponse', 'httpurlconnection', 'httprequest']
['profiling', 'instrumentation']
['infinispan', 'terracotta', 'hazelcast', 'jgroups']
['openerp', 'openerp-7']
['mono.cecil', 'fody']
['htmlunit', 'rhino']
['easyphp', 'ampps', 'wampserver']
['scjp', 'ocpjp']
['sql-insert', 'sql-update', 'sql-delete']
['tiff', 'pgm', 'ppm']
['tform', 'datamodule']
['brunch', 'angular-cli']
['subclass', 'qitemdelegate', 'overriding', 'subclassing']
['twitter-bootstrap', 'materializecss', 'ng2-bootstrap', 'semantic-ui']
['scribd', 'jquery-file-upload', 'filepicker.io']
['ostream', 'ostringstream']
['monkeytalk', 'calabash-android', 'selendroid', 'calabash', 'kif', 'appium', 'ocunit', 'calabash-ios']
['apache-spark', 'spring-xd', 'spark-jobserver']
['twitter-bootstrap', 'twitter-typeahead']
['solarium', 'elastica']
['typemock', 'moles', 'justmock']
['gsl', 'gmp', 'ntl', 'mpfr']
['mezzanine', 'octopress', 'zinnia']
['openjpa', 'datanucleus', 'spring-data-jpa', 'eclipselink']
['lxml.html', 'html5lib', 'lxml', 'beautifulsoup']
['tomahawk', 'openfaces', 'richfaces', 'trinidad', 'omnifaces', 'icefaces', 'ajax4jsf']
['springfox', 'maven-jaxb2-plugin', 'maven-javadoc-plugin', 'cxf-codegen-plugin', 'swashbuckle', 'enunciate']
['jpql', 'gql', 'n1ql']
['concrete5', 'opencart', 'expressionengine']
['canjs', 'javascriptmvc', 'spine.js']
['uicollectionview', 'uicollectionviewcell']
['dill', 'configparser', 'pickle']
['satchmo', 'pinax', 'silverstripe', 'zinnia', 'mezzanine']
['addslashes', 'htmlspecialchars', 'nl2br']
['couchbase', 'arangodb', 'rethinkdb', 'aerospike']
['navision', 'tridion']
['nodemcu', 'torch']
['homebrew', 'macports', 'yum']
['ironpython', 'macruby', 'rubinius', 'ironruby']
['yui3', 'knockout.js', 'kendo-ui', 'knockout-kendo']
['kernel-mode', 'wow64']
['sqlmetal', 'gii']
['sift', 'surf']
['knitr', 'pandoc', 'latex']
['nssortdescriptor', 'pfquery', 'nsregularexpression', 'nspredicate']
['dotnetopenauth', 'ember-simple-auth', 'adal.js']
['python-requests', 'feedparser', 'twython', 'tweepy', 'python-twitter', 'praw']
['setattr', 'getattr']
['hmisc', 'performanceanalytics', 'plotrix']
['seaborn', 'mayavi', 'mplot3d']
['asihttprequest', 'afnetworking', 'sdwebimage', 'restkit', 'alamofire']
['cpython', 'pypy', 'cython', 'f#', 'jython', 'ironruby', 'ironpython']
['smartgwt', 'swt', 'jface']
['qooxdoo', 'nativescript', 'enyo', 'sencha-touch']
['cluetip', 'qtip2', 'hoverintent', 'qtip', 'tooltipster', 'jcarousellite', 'tinyscrollbar', 'tipsy']
['twitter4j', 'python-requests', 'gspread', 'tweepy', 'tweetsharp', 'praw', 'rauth', 'python-twitter', 'twython']
['uiapplication', 'nswindow', 'nsresponder', 'nsapplication']
['jinja', 'chameleon', 'mako', 'genshi']
['bmp', '.emf', 'metafile']
['parameter-passing', 'argument-passing']
['buddypress', 'pyrocms', 'vbulletin', 'elgg', 'phpbb', 'bbpress', 'jomsocial']
['qmake', 'ocamlbuild', 'cpack', 'scons', 'autotools', 'automake']
['xml.etree', 'lxml.html', 'lxml', 'elementtree']
['interbase', 'db2', 'firebird']
['pydub', 'naudio', 'aforge', 'howler.js', 'cscore']
['supersized', 'jcarousellite', 'caroufredsel', 'jcarousel', 'galleria', 'anythingslider']
['profiler', 'valgrind', 'jprofiler', 'visualvm', 'instruments']
['yaml-cpp', 'qjson']
['smarty3', 'smarty2']
['solrj', 'elasticsearch-py']
['readline', 'gettext']
['haskell-mode', 'python-mode']
['qgridlayout', 'qcombobox', 'qtableview', 'qtablewidgetitem', 'qtreewidget', 'qlistwidget', 'qtreeview', 'qtablewidget']
['pjsip', 'lwip']
['gulp-sourcemaps', 'gulp-sass', 'gulp-watch', 'gulp-uglify', 'grunt-contrib-watch', 'gulp-concat']
['folder', 'dir', 'directory']
['textbox', 'datagrid', 'listbox']
['ocaml', 'sml', 'xtend', 'racket', 'ceylon', 'idris', 'rascal']
['tiles2', 'jsf-2']
['flowplayer', 'jwplayer', 'mediaelement.js']
['ocaml', 'racket', 'prolog', 'sbcl', 'swi-prolog']
['gulp-sourcemaps', 'gulp-concat', 'grunt-contrib-watch', 'gulp-uglify']
['spring-roo', 'appfuse']
['excel-vba', 'outlook-vba', 'access-vba', 'word-vba']
['prestashop', 'virtuemart']
['restify', 'iisnode']
['subnet', 'vlan']
['preorder', 'postorder']
['qlistwidget', 'qgraphicsitem', 'qgraphicsview', 'qgraphicsscene']
['getelementsbyclassname', 'getelementsbytagname', 'queryselectorall', 'getelementsbyname', 'getelementbyid']
['theano', 'lapack', 'cvxopt', 'scikit-learn', 'scipy']
['fluentvalidation', 'parsley.js', 'livevalidation', 'xval']
['authentication', 'impersonation']
['lgpl', 'gpl']
['kmz', 'gpx']
['viewcontroller', 'segue']
['soundjs', 'createjs', 'preloadjs']
['surefire', 'maven-surefire-plugin']
['gpib', 'jtag']
['c++builder', 'firemonkey', 'fastreport', 'intraweb']
['knn', 'adaboost']
['oauth2client', 'python-requests', 'signpost', 'twython', 'python-twitter', 'rauth']
['mediaelement.js', 'flowplayer', 'videogular']
['jqxgrid', 'ag-grid', 'backgrid']
['modernizr', 'respond.js']
['iequalitycomparer', 'ivalueconverter', 'icomparer']
['focuslistener', 'propertychangelistener', 'changelistener', 'listselectionlistener']
['ngresource', 'ui.bootstrap', 'angular-resource']
['ccmenuitem', 'sknode', 'cclayer']
['gamepad', 'd-pad']
['background-color', 'box-shadow', 'background-size', 'clip-path', 'background-position', 'background-image']
['three.js', 'x3dom']
['geb', 'specs2', 'junit4', 'hamcrest', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalamock', 'spock', 'scalacheck', 'scalatest']
['timertask', 'dispatchertimer', 'nstimer', 'alarmmanager', 'stopwatch', 'qtimer', 'countdowntimer']
['quadtree', 'kdtree']
['spring-social', 'securesocial']
['erlang', 'ocaml', 'elm', 'ecto', 'purescript', 'elixir']
['yui3', 'datejs', 'svg.js', 'rangy']
['devforce', 'xaf', 'xpo']
['testdriven.net', 'coderush']
['openldap', 'freeradius']
['tomcat7', 'tomcat6', 'tomcat8', 'tomcat5.5']
['tomcat7', 'tomcat5.5', 'tomcat8', 'tomcat6']
['tomcat7', 'tomcat6', 'tomcat5.5', 'tomcat8']
['mspec', 'specflow', 'xunit.net', 'testdriven.net', 'nunit', 'ncover', 'mbunit']
['defineproperty', 'for-in-loop']
['hector', 'cql3']
['guice', 'errai', 'hk2']
['folding', 'flatmap', 'fold']
['consistency', 'transactional', 'acid']
['uisegmentedcontrol', 'uitabbaritem']
['ember-cli', 'ember-data']
['jquery', 'mootools', 'jquery-mobile', 'jquery-ui']
['glsl', 'hlsl', 'shader']
['webclient', 'urlconnection', 'httpwebrequest', 'webrequest']
['.app', 'apk']
['ti-basic', 'brainfuck', 'apl']
['getc', 'fgetc', 'putchar', 'fputs']
['newline', 'backslash']
['mod-wsgi', 'mod-mono']
['kriging', 'discretization']
['akka-stream', 'akka-http']
['rickshaw', 'morris.js', 'rgraph', 'c3.js', 'flot', 'nvd3.js', 'jqplot', 'graphael']
['redactor', 'ckeditor', 'nicedit', 'fckeditor']
['compoundjs', 'geddy']
['morris.js', 'c3.js', 'core-plot', 'graphael', 'nvd3.js', 'jfreechart', 'achartengine']
['bower', 'tsd', 'jspm']
['sdcc', 'tcc']
['genshi', 'smarty', 'jinja', 'mako', 'kramdown', 'liquid']
['dto', 'pojo']
['plesk', 'whm']
['vue.js', 'angularjs', 'aurelia', 'ember.js', 'reactjs', 'angular2']
['threadpool', 'threadpoolexecutor']
['mailcore', 'botan', 'crypto++', 'commoncrypto']
['jasmine', 'protractor', 'riot.js', 'capybara', 'webdriver-io']
['propertychangelistener', 'changelistener', 'focuslistener', 'listselectionlistener', 'documentlistener']
['xml-rpc', 'rpc']
['gulp-sass', 'gulp-sourcemaps', 'django-pipeline']
['clisp', 'racket', 'sbcl', 'mit-scheme']
['itemscontrol', 'propertygrid', 'autocompletebox']
['openejb', 'resteasy']
['gcov', 'callgrind', 'gprof']
['opencv', 'openimaj', 'emgucv', 'opencv4android']
['quicksort', 'bubble-sort', 'shellsort', 'heapsort']
['skview', 'nsviewcontroller', 'skscene']
['hql', 'gql', 'jpql']
['uiswitch', 'uisegmentedcontrol']
['sctp', 'tcp']
['script#', 'websharper']
['call', 'launch', 'execute']
['nodeunit', 'chutzpah']
['rpc', 'xml-rpc']
['liblinear', 'weka', 'libsvm', 'scikit-learn', 'elki']
['spring-data-cassandra', 'spring-data', 'spring-data-jpa', 'spring-data-mongodb']
['subclass', 'base-class', 'superclass']
['silverstripe', 'elgg', 'pyrocms']
['aws-sdk', 'google-api-nodejs-client']
['ldapconnection', 'directoryentry']
['woff', 'opentype']
['ckfinder', 'elfinder']
['smtplib', 'nodemailer', 'flask-mongoengine', 'flask-security', 'flask-mail']
['bitbake', 'scons', 'bazel']
['visualworks', 'squeak']
['bootbox', 'qtip2', 'jgrowl', 'sweetalert', 'toastr']
['mpich', 'openmpi']
['tdbgrid', 'tlistview', 'tstringgrid']
['openbravo', 'otrs']
['onblur', 'onchange', 'onclientclick', 'preventdefault', 'onsubmit']
['noclassdeffounderror', 'nullreferenceexception', 'filenotfoundexception']
['dotcover', 'blanket.js', 'simplecov', 'karma-coverage', 'eclemma', 'istanbul', 'coveralls']
['jprofiler', 'yourkit', 'visualvm']
['dlsym', 'getprocaddress']
['shutil', 'configparser', 'tarfile']
['solrj', 'solrnet']
['easygui', 'vpython']
['jtidy', 'xmllint']
['url-scheme', 'uri-scheme']
['slider', 'trackbar']
['xamarin.ios', 'xamarin.mac', 'monomac']
['zendesk', 'infusionsoft']
['meteor-up', 'chef-solo', 'capistrano', 'capistrano3']
['phpword', 'html2pdf', 'opentbs', 'tinybutstrong']
['draggable', 'droppable']
['grunt-contrib-watch', 'postcss', 'gulp-uglify', 'uncss']
['hibernate', 'mybatis', 'nhibernate']
['lubridate', 'stringr', 'tidyr', 'qdap', 'reshape2', 'dplyr', 'stringi', 'plyr']
['shutil', 'os.path']
['rajawali', 'ogre', 'assimp']
['sqlite.net', 'sqlite-net']
['mpmovieplayercontroller', 'mpmovieplayer']
['unrealscript', 'jscript.net', 'mql4', 'scripting-language']
['hdf5', 'h5py']
['adsense', 'google-analytics']
['ghcjs', 'dart2js', 'emscripten']
['gremlin', 'xtend', 'groovy', 'dsl']
['ocaml', 'prolog', 'agda', 'haskell', 'racket', 'idris', 'sml']
['3des', 'rsa', 'dsa']
['getelementsbyclassname', 'getelementbyid', 'queryselectorall', 'getelementsbyname', 'getelementsbytagname']
['testcomplete', 'ranorex', 'qtp', 'loadrunner', 'sahi']
['opencart', 'vqmod']
['chartboost', 'iad']
['cxf-codegen-plugin', 'wsdl.exe', 'xjc', 'wsimport', 'wsdl2java']
['reentrantreadwritelock', 'readerwriterlockslim']
['gdb', 'windbg']
['uicollectionviewcell', 'uigesturerecognizer', 'uicontrol']
['geb', 'specs2', 'grinder', 'jmockit', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'spock', 'gatling']
['box-shadow', 'border-box']
['magento2', 'osclass']
['zedgraph', 'gmap.net']
['elixir', 'ecto']
['jssc', 'javapns', 'kryonet', 'rxtx', 'snmp4j', 'smslib']
['graylog', 'zabbix']
['timertask', 'nsrunloop', 'dispatchertimer', 'alarmmanager', 'countdowntimer', 'nstimer']
['plyr', 'stringr', 'reshape2', 'dplyr', 'stringi', 'tidyr']
['richfaces', 'extjs', 'icefaces', 'smartgwt', 'gxt']
['gulp-sourcemaps', 'uglifyjs', 'babel', 'gulp-uglify', 'uglifyjs2']
['content-type', 'content-length']
['p2p', 'dht']
['datagridcolumn', 'datagridviewcolumn']
['distinct', 'unique']
['yesod', 'cappuccino', 'seaside']
['r-tree', 'octree', 'kdtree', 'quadtree']
['argument-passing', 'parameter-passing']
['avmutablecomposition', 'avassetreader', 'avassetexportsession', 'avurlasset']
['quine', 'failure-slice']
['countif', 'vlookup']
['scrollmagic', 'jcarousellite', 'wow.js', 'skrollr', 'flipclock']
['armadillo', 'jama', 'eigen', 'mpmath', 'ntl', 'mathnet']
['font-size', 'height', 'width']
['bcp', 'sql-loader']
['2checkout', 'authorize.net', 'payment', 'paypal']
['monogame', 'sharpdx']
['word-vba', 'outlook-vba', 'object-pascal', 'excel-vba', 'access-vba']
['dompdf', 'pdfjs', 'html2canvas', 'html2pdf', 'mpdf', 'jspdf']
['datanucleus', 'objectify']
['wiimote', 'nxt']
['sshj', 'sharpssh', 'libssh', 'zip4j', 'jcifs']
['clearinterval', 'settimeout', 'setinterval']
['gentoo', 'openbsd', 'freebsd', 'opensolaris', 'sunos', 'netbsd']
['botan', 'm2crypto', 'libssh2', 'pycrypto', 'gpgme']
['tablecell', 'tablerow']
['peerjs', 'easyrtc']
['devops', 'team']
['cypher', 'gremlin']
['datarepeater', 'webdatagrid', 'xtragrid', 'radgridview', 'msflexgrid']
['vbulletin', 'phpbb', 'xenforo', 'mybb', 'ipb']
['qtip2', 'sweetalert', 'jqmodal', 'simplemodal', 'bootbox']
['webclient', 'urlconnection', 'webrequest', 'httpwebrequest']
['gfortran', 'freepascal', 'fpc']
['cartopy', 'rworldmap', 'ggmap']
['checkstyle', 'proguard']
['linkedhashmap', 'treemap', 'treeset']
['hashtable', 'bufferedreader', 'stringwriter', 'stringbuilder']
['dbvisualizer', 'powerdesigner']
['rect', 'svg', 'canvas']
['gpib', 'hci']
['coq', 'z3py']
['kmz', 'shapefile', 'geojson', 'topojson']
['bigint', 'guid', 'uniqueidentifier']
['listboxitem', 'treeviewitem']
['statsd', 'nagios', 'collectd']
['mqtt', 'xmpp', 'coap', 'smpp']
['hexo', 'octopress', 'pandoc', 'gitbook']
['symbian', 'maemo', 'tizen', 'bada']
['nlme', 'lme4', 'glmnet', 'mgcv']
['xsd', 'xmldocument', 'xml']
['uicollectionviewcell', 'uisegmentedcontrol', 'uiswitch']
['scons', 'automake', 'autotools', 'cpack']
['uisearchbar', 'nstextview', 'uitableview', 'uitextview']
['springfox', 'enunciate', 'swashbuckle']
['infobox', 'popupwindow', 'infowindow']
['foursquare', 'yammer']
['aquery', 'android-query']
['installanywhere', 'installscript']
['spring-data-jpa', 'spring-data-rest', 'spring-data-mongodb', 'spring-data']
['smarty', 'thymeleaf', 'twig']
['postscript', 'epl', 'zpl']
['avahi', 'jmdns', 'bonjour']
['uicollectionview', 'uipageviewcontroller']
['nsdocument', 'openfiledialog', 'nsopenpanel']
['malloc', 'memset', 'realloc', 'strdup', 'calloc']
['unrealscript', 'haxe', 'supercollider', 'vala', 'genie']
['rpostgresql', 'rmongodb', 'rodbc']
['flask-security', 'restify', 'flask-restful']
['sorting', 'grouping']
['contiki', 'minix', 'tinyos']
['nitrogen', 'mochiweb']
['gnutls', 'botan', 'crypto++']
['roles', 'acl']
['code-signing', 'sideloading']
['width', 'letter-spacing', 'font-size']
['ifstream', 'fstream', 'stringstream']
['overflowexception', 'invocationtargetexception']
['simplexmlrpcserver', 'pyro', 'xmlrpclib', 'rpyc']
['dotcover', 'opencover', 'ncrunch', 'eclemma', 'ncover', 'coverage.py']
['kramdown', 'redcarpet']
['pygraphviz', 'rpy2']
['bandwidth', 'cpu']
['openembedded', 'bazel', 'scons', 'bitbake']
['xauth', 'basic-authentication']
['xaml', 'mxml', 'qml']
['org-mode', 'org-babel']
['django-rest-framework', 'apiary', 'apiary.io']
['vhdl', 'verilog', 'chisel']
['munin', 'opennms', 'sensu']
['onresume', 'onpause']
['richfaces', 'vaadin', 'seam', 'struts2', 'wicket', 'tapestry']
['subquery', 'resultset']
['ocaml', 'sml', 'racket', 'prolog', 'haskell', 'idris', 'agda']
['pos-tagging', 'lemmatization', 'summarization']
['laravel-4', 'symfony2.4']
['textbox', 'checkbox']
['webmin', 'drush']
['apache-spark', 'giraph']
['impala', 'prestodb']
['compression', 'buffering']
['kryo', 'flexjson', 'msgpack', 'messagepack']
['django-oscar', 'mezzanine', 'pinax', 'satchmo']
['cardview', 'autocompletetextview', 'expandablelistview']
['globalization', 'internationalization', 'localization']
['hadoop2', 'rest-assured', 'specs2', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'scalacheck', 'jmockit', 'mrunit']
['blockingcollection', 'parallel.for', 'parallel.foreach']
['geb', 'specs2', 'junit4', 'scalamock', 'jmockit', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'mockito', 'spock']
['caanimation', 'catransition']
['zepto', 'jquery', 'jquery-ui', 'mootools']
['pexpect', 'paramiko', 'pyserial']
['dll', 'exe']
['gensim', 'sparkr', 'xgboost', 'pybrain', 'scikit-learn', 'h2o']
['sin', 'sqrt', 'exp']
['openejb', 'openmq', 'hornetq']
['ply', 'vrml', 'graphml', 'svmlight', 'pmml']
['comtypes', 'imdbpy']
['puremvc', 'lcds', 'errai', 'dwr', 'graniteds']
['regex', 'awk', 'gawk', 'bash', 'sed']
['typedef', 'typename', 'decltype']
['mit-scheme', 'sbcl', 'clisp']
['zlib', 'libjpeg', 'libpng']
['jdialog', 'jcomponent', 'jwindow', 'japplet']
['href', 'hyperlink']
['javapns', 'odata4j', 'ksoap', 'ksoap2']
['phpass', 'opensaml', 'jasypt']
['qtabwidget', 'qtoolbar']
['naudio', 'libsndfile', 'pydub']
['woocommerce', 'tumblr', 'bigcommerce', 'shopify']
['a-star', 'depth-first-search', 'breadth-first-search']
['jena', 'sesame']
['pfx', 'jks', 'keystore']
['keystonejs', 'satchmo', 'mezzanine', 'pinax', 'django-oscar']
['picasso', 'aquery', 'android-query', 'fresco', 'universal-image-loader']
['unityscript', 'nemerle', 'oxygene', 'jscript.net']
['nativescript', 'bacon.js', 'odata4j', 'rikulo']
['wxwidgets', 'curses', 'glfw', 'ncurses', 'conio', 'pdcurses']
['revel', 'beego', 'vapor']
['elfinder', 'ckfinder']
['typeloadexception', 'comexception', 'missingmethodexception', 'badimageformatexception']
['laravel-5.2', 'kendo-editor']
['infusionsoft', 'zendesk', 'attask']
['xamdatagrid', 'treeview', 'autocompletebox', 'propertygrid']
['eventkit', 'mailcore2', 'callkit', 'corespotlight']
['contact-form-7', 'advanced-custom-fields']
['playframework', 'scalatra', 'restlet', 'dropwizard']
['libusb', 'libssh2', 'libsndfile', 'libssh', 'libwebsockets', 'luasocket']
['scanf', 'fread', 'sscanf', 'strtok', 'getline']
['streaminsight', 'sccm', 'biztalk']
['tipsy', 'qtip2', 'qtip', 'tinyscrollbar', 'slimscroll', 'cluetip', 'tooltipster']
['drawerlayout', 'swiperefreshlayout']
['chipmunk', 'jbox2d', 'andengine', 'libgdx', 'box2d']
['qtcpserver', 'qnetworkaccessmanager', 'qnetworkreply']
['argumentnullexception', 'overflowexception', 'indexoutofrangeexception', 'outofrangeexception']
['jqvmap', 'leaflet', 'jvectormap']
['chipmunk', 'irrlicht', 'ogre', 'bulletphysics']
['checkboxlist', 'entitydatasource', 'radiobuttonlist', 'detailsview', 'repeater', 'formview', 'sqldatasource']
['formtastic', 'activeadmin']
['data-access', 'business-objects']
['isolatedstoragefile', 'storagefile']
['bower', 'tsd', 'jspm', 'npm']
['qthread', 'dispatchertimer', 'qtimer']
['openrasta', 'nancy']
['svg', 'canvg', 'vml']
['wofstream', 'ofstream']
['scrollmagic', 'skrollr', 'hammer.js']
['urwid', 'glut', 'pdcurses', 'xlib', 'ncurses', 'curses']
['jython', 'lua', 'python']
['jqwidget', 'webix', 'shieldui', 'kendo-ui', 'dhtmlx']
['freebase', 'geonames']
['repaint', 'reflow']
['egit', 'mercurialeclipse', 'subclipse']
['filesystemwatcher', 'telephonymanager', 'fileobserver']
['sdcc', 'xc8']
['httpbuilder', 'asynchttpclient', 'robospice', 'odata4j', 'spring-android']
['anythingslider', 'jquery-ui-tabs']
['vbscript', 'lotusscript']
['mybatis', 'quartz.net', 'spring-batch']
['zurb-foundation', 'bourbon']
['cxf-codegen-plugin', 'hibernate3', 'hibernate-tools']
['json.net', 'flexjson', 'xstream', 'yamldotnet']
['recursive-descent', 'lalr']
['gulp-concat', 'gulp-inject']
['vhdl', 'verilog']
['gprof', 'memcheck', 'cppcheck', 'strace', 'valgrind']
['masm', 'cl']
['glsl', 'cg']
['vb.net', 'java', 'f#', 'c++', 'delphi', 'c#']
['c4', 'c3']
['cluetip', 'qtip2', 'toastr', 'qtip', 'blockui', 'jqmodal', 'jgrowl']
['c3', 'c4']
['javascript', 'curl', 'php']
['tdb', 'triplestore']
['stagefright', 'qtkit']
['contentplaceholder', 'scriptmanager']
['sahi', 'loadrunner', 'qtp', 'ranorex', 'testcomplete']
['couchbase', 'couchbase-lite']
['automake', 'pkg-config', 'bjam', 'scons', 'qmake']
['gfortran', 'clang++']
['nsapplication', 'openurl', 'uiapplication']
['joptionpane', 'qdialog', 'jcomponent', 'jwindow', 'jdialog']
['kobold2d', 'cocos2d-js', 'cocosbuilder']
['sublimetext2', 'pyscripter']
['selendroid', 'calabash-ios', 'robotium', 'calabash-android', 'kif', 'uiautomator', 'appium', 'ocunit', 'calabash']
['revit', 'ms-project']
['gpl', 'lgpl']
['vitamio', 'opencv4android', 'zxing']
['mouseover', 'mouseup', 'mousedown', 'onmouseover', 'mouseout']
['m3u', 'webvtt']
['rickshaw', 'canvasjs', 'c3.js', 'graphael', 'nvd3.js', 'jqplot', 'morris.js']
['unity5', 'xna', 'cocos2d-js', 'libgdx', 'unity3d']
['download', 'upload']
['pyrocms', 'fuelphp', 'lithium', 'elgg', 'atk4']
['simplecursoradapter', 'simpleadapter']
['instanceof', 'typeof']
['sscanf', 'scanf', 'printf']
['scriptella', 'mybatis', 'ibatis', 'jdbi', 'sqlmap']
['timertask', 'begininvoke', 'dispatchertimer', 'backgroundworker']
['python-telegram-bot', 'shapeless', 'ramda.js']
['glkit', 'core-graphics']
['mplot3d', 'matplotlib', 'pyglet', 'mayavi']
['uibezierpath', 'uiview', 'calayer']
['armadillo', 'fftw', 'cgal', 'eigen']
['mesh', 'voxel']
['singleton', 'persistent', 'transient']
['trigger.io', 'xtify']
['spatialite', 'geodjango', 'neo4j-spatial', 'pgrouting']
['winscp', 'putty']
['html.dropdownlistfor', 'dropdownlistfor']
['jointjs', 'rickshaw', 'jung', 'arbor.js', 'd3.js', 'cytoscape', 'sigma.js', 'cytoscape.js']
['ember.js', 'aurelia', 'angular2', 'vue.js', 'angularjs']
['bytearrayinputstream', 'gzipstream', 'gzipinputstream']
['qtextedit', 'qtextbrowser', 'textctrl']
['morris.js', 'c3.js', 'd3.js', 'graphael', 'nvd3.js', 'flot', 'rickshaw']
['dd', 'dt']
['rjsonio', 'feedzirra', 'psych']
['capistrano3', 'torquebox', 'meteor-up']
['jung', 'jung2', 'jgraph', 'sigma.js', 'graphstream', 'jgrapht']
['naudio', 'emgucv', 'aforge', 'sharppcap', 'directshow.net']
['type-erasure', 'type-inference']
['sin', 'cos']
['sctp', 'coap', 'tftp']
['onbeforeunload', 'hashchange']
['uuid', 'sessionid', 'uniqueidentifier', 'guid']
['twitter4j', 'signpost', 'tweetsharp', 'python-twitter', 'jtwitter']
['rdbms', 'oodbms']
['tiff', 'jpeg2000']
['grib', 'fastq', 'csv', 'tsv']
['rickshaw', 'morris.js', 'canvasjs', 'nvd3.js', 'c3.js']
['fosrestbundle', 'knpmenubundle']
['formtastic', 'formvalidation.io', 'backbone-forms']
['styling', 'formatting']
['rrd', 'rrdtool']
['system.reflection', 'system.net', 'system.diagnostics']
['zpl', 'epl']
['onchange', 'onclick', 'onresize', 'onload']
['anorm', 'alchemy']
['restlet', 'dropwizard', 'grizzly']
['bpel', 'bpm']
['nsoutlineview', 'nstabview', 'nsimageview', 'nstableview', 'nscollectionview']
['uipangesturerecognizer', 'uipinchgesturerecognizer', 'uitapgesturerecognizer', 'uiswipegesturerecognizer']
['xsbt-web-plugin', 'typesafe-activator']
['jmockit', 'cglib', 'bcel', 'powermock', 'javassist']
['webdeploy', 'msbuild', 'msdeploy']
['busboy', 'formidable']
['exuberant-ctags', 'vim', 'ctags']
['wlan', 'access-point']
['martini', 'beego', 'geddy', 'yesod', 'revel']
['scriptmanager', 'contentplaceholder']
['jpql', 'caml', 'mdx', 'fetchxml']
['http', 'http-post']
['gitweb', 'hgweb']
['openwrt', 'android-x86']
['phpunit', 'cucumber', 'mink', 'rspec', 'codeception', 'behat']
['yui3', 'gridster', 'jqtree', 'dynatree']
['kohana', 'zend-framework', 'fosrestbundle', 'restler']
['todataurl', 'drawimage', 'getimagedata']
['graphml', 'dxl']
['babel', 'browserify']
['dropdownlistfor', 'html.dropdownlistfor']
['jquery-chosen', 'mixitup', 'listjs']
['yesod', 'mochiweb', 'dancer', 'geddy', 'nitrogen']
['ndepend', 'cppcheck', 'checkstyle', 'fxcop']
['system.net.httpwebrequest', 'httpwebresponse']
['c3.js', 'flot', 'highcharts', 'jqplot', 'highstock']
['oxygene', 'object-pascal']
['readdir', 'getcwd']
['opscenter', 'ambari']
['magnolia', 'kentico', 'aem']
['jssc', 'jnetpcap', 'rxtx', 'usb4java']
['printdialog', 'qfiledialog', 'folderbrowserdialog', 'openfiledialog', 'savefiledialog']
['php-curl', 'pecl']
['sqldf', 'rgdal', 'rmysql', 'rsqlite']
['contentcontrol', 'itemscontrol']
['footable', 'mixitup', 'tablesorter']
['pbx', 'voicemail']
['ibatis', 'ibatis.net']
['gwtp', 'vaadin', 'smartgwt', 'gxt', 'jsf', 'dojo', 'wicket', 'gwt']
['bayeux', 'comet']
['read.table', 'sscanf', 'fgetcsv', 'textscan']
['listeners', 'observers']
['sails-postgresql', 'emberfire', 'sails-mongo']
['ifstream', 'qfile', 'fstream', 'qtextstream']
['vp8', 'opus', 'amr', 'speex']
['member', 'typedef', 'struct']
['cardview', 'imageview', 'textview', 'imagebutton']
['bbedit', 'scite', 'notepad++', 'jedit', 'ultraedit']
['mouseover', 'mouseout', 'hover']
['cunit', 'googlemock', 'cpputest', 'gmock', 'cppunit', 'googletest']
['owncloud', 'zimbra']
['rajawali', 'easeljs', 'createjs', 'pixi.js']
['qdialog', 'getopenfilename', 'qfilesystemmodel', 'qfiledialog']
['x3d', 'vrml']
['rickshaw', 'rgraph', 'cytoscape.js', 'sigma.js', 'd3.js', 'graphael', 'arbor.js']
['aws-sdk', 'collectionfs']
['haxeflixel', 'flixel', 'nme']
['execute', 'prepare']
['bho', 'npapi']
['member-functions', 'inner-classes']
['net-ssh', 'soap4r']
['handlebars.js', 'jsviews', 'jquery-templates']
['dbus', 'v4l2', 'pulseaudio']
['type-safety', 'type-inference', 'typechecking']
['plyr', 'reshape2', 'stringi', 'qdap', 'stringr']
['blending', 'porter-duff']
['authenticode', 'xades4j']
['multidatatrigger', 'datatrigger']
['weld', 'mojarra']
['materializecss', 'superfish', 'kendo-ui', 'spry']
['graphics32', 'fltk', 'jedi']
['autoresetevent', 'manualresetevent']
['argparse', 'doctest']
['pyrocms', 'phpfox', 'joomla2.5']
['hyperlink', 'href']
['nstextview', 'nstextstorage']
['caroufredsel', 'jcarousellite', 'supersized', 'anythingslider', 'galleria', 'jcarousel']
['ocaml', 'rascal', 'racket', 'specman']
['ocaml', 'scala', 'rust', 'c#', 'haskell', 'sml', 'c++', 'f#']
['skshapenode', 'cagradientlayer', 'cashapelayer']
['qtnetwork', 'qtgui']
['cesium', 'jung', 'nutiteq', 'geotools', 'worldwind']
['ios8.1', 'ios9.1', 'ios9', 'ios10', 'ios9.2']
['uisearchbardelegate', 'uitextinput']
['shellexecuteex', 'rundll32']
['one-to-many', 'bidirectional']
['system.diagnostics', 'system.net']
['awk', 'ksh', 'sed', 'bash']
['configparser', 'pyyaml']
['facade', 'singleton']
['corona', 'aviary']
['slideup', 'slidedown']
['accessor', 'superclass', 'getter']
['scite', 'notepad++', 'vim', 'macvim', 'gedit']
['nsoperation', 'nsurlconnection', 'nsoperationqueue']
['openejb', 'spring-data', 'openjpa', 'jackrabbit', 'hornetq', 'modeshape']
['pysvn', 'libgit2']
['ormlite', 'simple.data', 'breeze', 'jaydata']
['jgit', 'mercurialeclipse', 'subclipse', 'egit']
['powerbi', 'msbi']
['luainterface', 'dwscript', 'c++builder', 'pascalscript']
['hk2', 'gwtp', 'errai']
['background-image', 'background-position', 'background-size']
['bytearrayinputstream', 'filewriter', 'bufferedwriter', 'bufferedreader', 'fileoutputstream', 'fileinputstream']
['testcomplete', 'calabash', 'calabash-ios', 'sikuli', 'hp-uft']
['isolatedstoragefile', 'qsettings']
['ocaml', 'sml', 'swi-prolog', 'agda', 'haskell', 'racket', 'prolog']
['calabash-android', 'jpm']
['extrapolation', 'interpolation']
['md5', 'sha1']
['pathogen', 'quicklisp']
['jsf', 'thymeleaf', 'struts2', 'displaytag', 'jstl']
['swashbuckle', 'dropwizard', 'enunciate', 'springfox']
['subclassing', 'override', 'overriding']
['richfaces', 'primefaces', 'struts2', 'icefaces', 'wicket', 'jsf']
['java.util.logging', 'log4cxx', 'log4net', 'log4php']
['redactor', 'wysihtml5', 'codemirror', 'froala']
['docx4j', 'itextsharp', 'migradoc', 'libharu', 'pdfsharp']
['appendto', 'replacewith']
['fann', 'openimaj', 'gpuimage', 'emgucv', 'encog', 'aforge', 'accord.net']
['qtip2', 'jvectormap', 'tooltipster', 'skrollr', 'jquery-ui-map', 'imagemapster']
['masstransit', 'kombu']
['floyd-warshall', 'breadth-first-search', 'a-star', 'depth-first-search']
['document.write', 'encodeuricomponent', 'eval']
['imagemagick', 'gdlib', 'gd']
['upload', 'download']
['celery', 'sidekiq', 'resque']
['ggplot2', 'seaborn', 'mplot3d', 'mayavi', 'matplotlib']
['uitabbar', 'uibarbuttonitem']
['mediaelement.js', 'flowplayer', 'jwplayer']
['nodeclipse', 'pydev']
['skrollr', 'gridster', 'packery']
['papyrus', 'staruml']
['coverage.py', 'jacoco', 'cobertura', 'dotcover', 'emma', 'eclemma']
['kohana', 'codeigniter', 'silverstripe', 'cakephp']
['silverstripe', 'mediawiki', 'elgg', 'phpbb', 'modx']
['contentcontrol', 'tabcontrol']
['nant', 'buildbot', 'cruisecontrol', 'teamcity', 'cruisecontrol.net']
['sparkle', 'iokit', 'xposed']
['nsscanner', 'nsnumberformatter']
['wsse', 'ws-security']
['fgets', 'fgetc', 'getchar', 'fscanf']
['instances', 'instance']
['luainterface', 'comtypes', 'python.net']
['picketlink', 'resteasy', 'spring-security-oauth2', 'spring-security']
['concurrenthashmap', 'readwritelock']
['emberfire', 'sails-mongo', 'sails-postgresql']
['bootstrap-multiselect', 'bootstrap-switch', 'icheck']
['sdwebimage', 'alamofire', 'restkit', 'asihttprequest', 'mknetworkkit', 'afnetworking']
['ocaml', 'racket', 'rust', 'erlang', 'c++', 'python', 'lua']
['uiblureffect', 'cagradientlayer', 'uivisualeffectview']
['drupal', 'coldfusion']
['solrj', 'elastica', 'solarium']
['angular-cli', 'brunch']
['kernlab', 'quantreg', 'r2winbugs']
['graphstream', 'sigma.js', 'jgrapht', 'boost-graph']
['vaadin', 'xpages']
['visio', 'revit']
['stunnel', 'svnserve']
['nosuchmethoderror', 'classnotfoundexception']
['python-requests', 'snmp4j', 'pysnmp']
['eventkit', 'watchconnectivity', 'callkit']
['droppable', 'draggable']
['implements', 'extends']
['mouseover', 'onblur', 'onclick', 'mouseout', 'onfocus', 'onmouseover']
['qscrollarea', 'qgridlayout', 'sizer']
['onmousemove', 'onresize']
['hsqldb', 'h2']
['background-image', 'box-shadow', 'background-position']
['twitter-bootstrap', 'angular-ui', 'qooxdoo', 'gwt-bootstrap']
['mod-php', 'mod-wsgi']
['scite', 'komodoedit']
['ember.js', 'node.js', 'meteor']
['fstream', 'qtextstream', 'ifstream', 'qfile']
['sqldependency', 'sqlcachedependency']
['radchart', 'radtreeview', 'radeditor']
['handlebars.js', 'i18next']
['phasset', 'avurlasset', 'alasset']
['smtplib', 'imaplib']
['twitter4j', 'praw', 'gspread', 'feedparser', 'twython', 'python-requests', 'tweetsharp', 'python-twitter', 'tweepy']
['sweave', 'roxygen2', 'roxygen']
['syntastic', 'sublimerepl', 'sublimelinter']
['nunjucks', 'mustache', 'spacebars']
['pygobject', 'webkitgtk']
['pecl', 'php-curl']
['geojson', 'topojson', 'shapefile']
['localization', 'internationalization', 'globalization']
['resttemplate', 'jmstemplate']
['browserify', 'uncss', 'assetic']
['wsdl.exe', 'wcftestclient']
['ocaml', 'haskell', 'lua', 'elixir', 'erlang']
['spatialite', 'psycopg2', 'sqlite', 'sqlite3']
['downcasting', 'up-casting']
['coap', 'bayeux']
['parsec', 'html5lib', 'aeson', 'fparsec', 'attoparsec']
['debugging', 'logging']
['fckeditor', 'codemirror', 'redactor', 'nicedit', 'ckeditor']
['xbl', 'hta', 'xul']
['yui3', 'zepto', 'jqmobi', 'xui']
['xtragrid', 'advanceddatagrid']
['pgp', 'openssh', 'gnupg']
['smooks', 'dataweave']
['haxeflixel', 'away3d', 'slick2d', 'irrlicht', 'flixel']
['acra', 'bugsense']
['gulp-sourcemaps', 'gulp-concat', 'uncss', 'gulp-uglify', 'postcss']
['titleview', 'accessoryview']
['networkstream', 'objectoutputstream', 'printwriter', 'objectinputstream']
['kerberos', 'ldap']
['dir', 'directory', 'folder']
['tablelayoutpanel', 'gridsplitter']
['sqlcachedependency', 'sqldependency']
['fftw', 'cufft', 'lapack', 'cublas']
['angularfire2', 'angularfire']
['memsql', 'greenplum', 'vertica', 'aerospike', 'voltdb']
['parallel.foreach', 'parallel.for']
['dot', 'dash']
['invalidoperationexception', 'illegalstateexception', 'illegalargumentexception', 'exception']
['bnd', 'maven-bundle-plugin', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'bndtools']
['quantreg', 'testthat']
['matrix', 'submatrix']
['stan', 'jess']
['ilasm', 'cil', 'il']
['nio', 'io']
['mako', 'chameleon', 'rythm']
['gxt', 'qooxdoo', 'ionic-framework', 'extjs6']
['ext.net', 'smartgwt', 'gxt', 'flex3', 'extjs3']
['jibx', 'cxf-codegen-plugin', 'wsdl2java', 'wsimport', 'xjc']
['nullpointerexception', 'filenotfoundexception', 'nullreferenceexception']
['cpu', 'bandwidth']
['cluetip', 'qtip', 'hoverintent', 'thickbox', 'nyromodal', 'jqmodal', 'qtip2', 'simplemodal', 'tipsy', 'blockui']
['rmongodb', 'rodbc', 'rpostgresql']
['dart', 'elixir', 'ceylon', 'opa']
['cucumber-jvm', 'geb', 'spock', 'xunit.net', 'thucydides']
['invoices', 'invoice']
['omnisharp', 'vscode']
['phpthumb', '51degrees', 'liipimaginebundle', 'magick.net', 'imageresizer']
['unidac', 'dotconnect']
['unification', 'subtyping']
['libc++', 'libstdc++']
['nav', 'sticky']
['quicksort', 'bubble-sort', 'heapsort', 'shellsort']
['newlib', 'uclibc']
['semantic-ui', 'materializecss', 'twitter-bootstrap']
['jtextcomponent', 'documentfilter']
['rajawali', 'skia']
['youcompleteme', 'oh-my-zsh']
['html5lib', 'hpricot']
['urwid', 'leiningen', 'jline']
['r-tree', 'quadtree', 'octree']
['buildbot', 'jenkins', 'marathon', 'rundeck']
['quantmod', 'seaborn', 'ggplot2', 'gridextra', 'dygraphs', 'rcharts']
['ng-switch', 'ng-style']
['pyhook', 'pywin32', 'psutil', 'comtypes', 'win32gui']
['performanceanalytics', 'gstat', 'plotrix', 'spatstat']
['traceroute', 'ping']
['scenebuilder', 'designer']
['rundeck', 'chef-solo', 'capistrano', 'chef']
['busybox', 'jail']
['jomsocial', 'bbpress', 'buddypress']
['wxhaskell', 'qtruby']
['uipangesturerecognizer', 'uitapgesturerecognizer', 'pan', 'uiswipegesturerecognizer', 'gesture']
['jqueryform', 'jvectormap', 'jquery-cookie', 'jquery-ui-map']
['gulp-sass', 'gulp-watch', 'grunt-contrib-watch', 'grunt-contrib-connect', 'gulp-livereload']
['log4php', 'monolog']
['httpwebresponse', 'system.net.httpwebrequest']
['mailcore', 'sttwitter', 'eventkit', 'messageui', 'mailcore2']
['monkeyrunner', 'robolectric', 'robotium', 'calabash', 'appium', 'uiautomator']
['rel', 'nofollow']
['xlwings', 'xlsxwriter']
['greenplum', 'vertica', 'aerospike', 'voltdb', 'rethinkdb', 'memsql']
['tipsy', 'qtip', 'hoverintent', 'jqmodal', 'tooltipster', 'qtip2', 'blockui', 'thickbox', 'cluetip']
['okhttp', 'retrofit']
['nspredicate', 'pfquery']
['instruments', 'acra', 'leakcanary']
['gsoap', 'restlet', 'opensaml', 'rxtx', 'smslib', 'snmp4j', 'jpos']
['pgrouting', 'spatialite', 'geodjango']
['timeit', 'cprofile']
['primefaces-extensions', 'gmlib']
['bootstrap-datepicker', 'bootstrap-datetimepicker', 'fullcalendar']
['tablerowsorter', 'defaulttablemodel']
['uploadify', 'swfupload', 'dropzone.js', 'jquery-file-upload', 'plupload']
['qgridlayout', 'qlayout']
['oauth2client', 'tweepy', 'xlrd', 'twython', 'python-twitter', 'gspread']
['spring-integration', 'spring-websocket']
['cs-cart', 'dspace', 'xwiki']
['celluloid', 'eventlet', 'hiredis', 'gevent', 'eventmachine']
['tolower', 'toupper']
['icollectionview', 'icomparer', 'imultivalueconverter', 'ivalueconverter']
['png', 'tiff', 'bmp']
['software-engineering', 'api-design']
['tomcat6', 'tomcat5.5', 'tomcat8', 'tomcat7']
['snmp', 'whois']
['aem', 'kentico', 'umbraco', 'dotnetnuke', 'sitecore']
['gsoap', 'suds', 'spyne']
['mailcore', 'core-plot', 'sdwebimage', 'three20']
['nsimageview', 'nstextfield', 'nsslider']
['vrml', 'x3d']
['showcaseview', 'crouton']
['qvector', 'qlist', 'qmap']
['htmlspecialchars', 'addslashes']
['kubernetes', 'rancher']
['munin', 'opennms', 'awstats', 'ganglia', 'cacti']
['npgsql', 'system.data.sqlite']
['coverage.py', 'coveralls', 'mocha', 'blanket.js', 'simplecov', 'karma-coverage', 'qunit', 'istanbul']
['www-mechanize', 'python-module']
['iso-8859-1', 'cp1252', 'windows-1252', 'utf-8']
['sfguard', 'sfdoctrineguard']
['z-index', 'opacity']
['bbedit', 'vim', 'macvim', 'scite', 'gedit', 'sublimetext', 'textmate']
['ember.js', 'aurelia', 'angular2', 'vue.js', 'reactjs']
['play-slick', 'asset-pipeline', 'sbt-web']
['skrollr', 'stellar.js', 'enquire.js']
['nssplitview', 'nscollectionview', 'nstabview']
['whm', 'plesk']
['graylog2', 'logentries']
['encog', 'gensim', 'lasagne', 'pybrain', 'deeplearning4j']
['rgraph', 'dc.js', 'dygraphs', 'zingchart']
['kif', 'ocunit', 'xctest']
['clisp', 'mit-scheme', 'sbcl']
['hiredis', 'node-serialport']
['jclouds', 's3cmd', 'aws-sdk', 'aws-cli']
['mvvmcross', 'uwp', 'xamarin.mac', 'monomac', 'xamarin.ios']
['uipopovercontroller', 'abpersonviewcontroller']
['ocaml', 'rust', 'haxe', 'vala']
['kinvey', 'firebase']
['cluetip', 'qtip2', 'thickbox', 'bootbox', 'blockui', 'simplemodal', 'nyromodal', 'jqmodal']
['uberjar', 'eclipse-plugin']
['supersized', 'galleria', 'fotorama', 'photoswipe']
['tframe', 'tchromium']
['junit4', 'scalatest', 'swtbot', 'junit3', 'robolectric', 'nunit', 'spock', 'testng', 'junit']
['pkgbuild', 'deb']
['ampl', 'modelica', 'minizinc']
['gspread', 'python-twitter', 'rauth', 'twython', 'oauth2client']
['open-session-in-view', 'chain-of-responsibility', 'service-locator']
['inotifypropertychanged', 'idisposable']
['sctp', 'mqtt', 'smpp', 'bayeux', 'http2', 'coap']
['textblob', 'corenlp', 'gensim', 'scikit-learn', 'nltk']
['destructor', 'finalize', 'finalizer']
['authorization', 'authentication']
['rickshaw', 'rgraph', 'sigma.js', 'd3.js', 'graphael', 'protovis']
['scalatra', 'play-slick', 'dropwizard', 'playframework']
['eofexception', 'indexoutofboundsexception', 'invalidoperationexception', 'illegalargumentexception', 'illegalstateexception']
['okhttp', 'guzzle']
['qdap', 'plotrix', 'stringi', 'shinyjs']
['achartengine', 'ios-charts', 'three20', 'graphael', 'core-plot']
['calabash-android', 'buildozer']
['jomsocial', 'civicrm']
['semantic-ui', 'twitter-bootstrap', 'materializecss']
['nsdatecomponents', 'nscalendar']
['rgdal', 'ogr', 'gdal']
['sox', 'audacity']
['htmlspecialchars', 'encodeuricomponent']
['hapijs', 'koa']
['quicksort', 'heapsort', 'shellsort', 'bubble-sort']
['superclass', 'base-class']
['stringr', 'qdap', 'stringi', 'rcurl', 'rvest']
['gentoo', 'opensuse']
['binaryformatter', 'flexjson', 'jackson', 'xstream', 'kryo']
['while-loop', 'if-statement']
['eval', 'getelementbyid', 'document.write']
['win32gui', 'pywin32', 'pyhook', 'psutil', 'comtypes']
['restart', 'shutdown']
['neo4j-ogm', 'playframework', 'play-slick']
['xtend', 'stringtemplate']
['linked-list', 'singly-linked-list']
['nscoding', 'nscopying']
['pymc', 'statsmodels']
['cordova-2.0.0', 'phonegap-plugins']
['sqlclr', 'u-sql']
['sharpziplib', 'zip4j']
['dynamicmethod', 'csharpcodeprovider']
['atomicity', 'atomic']
['munin', 'cacti', 'opennms', 'ganglia']
['jdialog', 'japplet', 'jcomponent']
['smarty', 'volt']
['pos-tagging', 'lemmatization']
['automation', 'integration']
['pfx', 'pkcs#12', 'pem']
['notepad', 'ultraedit', 'vim', 'gedit', 'notepad++']
['activereports', 'fastreport', 'reportbuilder']
['cunit', 'googlemock', 'qtestlib', 'googletest', 'gmock', 'cppunit', 'cpputest']
['setcontentview', 'findviewbyid']
['sonarqube', 'robotframework', 'rest-assured', 'codeception', 'testlink']
['dataadapter', 'dataview', 'bindingsource']
['scala', 'java', 'kotlin', 'jython', 'groovy']
['camanjs', 'svg.js', 'pixastic']
['phpquery', 'lxml.html', 'pyquery', 'querypath']
['roxygen', 'sweave', 'roxygen2']
['restructuredtext', 'textile', 'asciidoc']
['scip', 'gsl', 'cvxopt', 'glpk']
['shellexecute', 'createfile']
['nsurlconnection', 'nsjsonserialization', 'nsxmlparser']
['ostringstream', 'ostream', 'istream']
['relaxng', 'schematron']
['testcomplete', 'sahi', 'qtp', 'robotium', 'ranorex']
['packaging', 'versioning']
['jstl', 'sitemesh', 'struts2', 'jsf', 'thymeleaf']
['latex', 'pandoc', 'mathjax']
['freemarker', 'sightly']
['concrete5', 'kentico', 'magnolia', 'mura']
['eigen', 'gsl', 'fftw', 'lapack', 'cgal', 'petsc', 'armadillo']
['powerbi', 'powerview']
['virtuemart', 'prestashop']
['restlet', 'struts2', 'dwr']
['tlbimp', 'wsdl2java', 'wsimport', 'wsdl.exe']
['wifi-direct', 'tethering']
['grep', 'ls']
['slidingmenu', 'actionbarsherlock']
['fparsec', 'openears', 'parsekit']
['floyd-warshall', 'shunting-yard']
['monkeypatching', 'monkey']
['filehelpers', 'epplus']
['querydsl', 'ibatis', 'hibernate', 'jdbi', 'mybatis']
['gdal', 'ogr']
['uitextfield', 'textfield']
['clutter', 'tidy']
['netbsd', 'solaris', 'openbsd', 'rhel', 'debian', 'sunos', 'freebsd']
['fiddler', 'charles']
['eregi', 'ereg']
['uibarbuttonitem', 'uitabbar']
['anythingslider', 'jcarousellite', 'supersized', 'easyslider']
['executable', 'interpreter']
['abap', 'rexx', 'rpgle']
['spring-data-cassandra', 'akka-http', 'spring-security-oauth2', 'akka-stream']
['preferenceactivity', 'mapactivity']
['symbian', 'bada', 'maemo']
['angular-resource', 'angular-local-storage']
['jsonobject', 'json']
['ocmockito', 'ocmock']
['glsl', 'hlsl', 'agal']
['f#', 'jscript.net', 'oxygene', 'nemerle']
['font-size', 'text-indent', 'letter-spacing']
['uiaccelerometer', 'mpnowplayinginfocenter']
['oracle9i', 'oracle10g']
['fedora', 'mint', 'linuxmint']
['firebase', 'kinvey', 'geofire']
['froala', 'redactor', 'wysihtml5', 'nicedit', 'codemirror']
['position', 'center']
['dompdf', 'phpexcel', 'html2pdf', 'mpdf', 'phpword']
['nltk', 'corenlp']
['stackexchange.redis', 'astyanax', 'jedis', 'spymemcached']
['visualvm', 'yourkit', 'jprofiler']
['redirecttoaction', 'jsonresult', 'actionresult']
['packaging', 'installation', 'deployment']
['mbtiles', 'tmx']
['widget', 'panel']
['armadillo', 'gsl', 'fftw', 'lapack', 'petsc']
['twig', 'jinja', 'smarty']
['fxml', 'xaml', 'mxml']
['treeset', 'treemap', 'linkedhashmap']
['collectd', 'statsd']
['vlc', 'quicktime']
['compareto', 'tostring']
['libusb', 'psutil', 'pyusb']
['sunspot', 'ransack']
['trac', 'youtrack', 'mantis']
['uicollectionviewlayout', 'uicollectionreusableview']
['expressionengine', 'osticket']
['caroufredsel', 'jcarousel', 'fotorama', 'skrollr', 'swiper']
['hexo', 'mezzanine', 'zinnia', 'octopress']
['mongohq', 'mongolab']
['publish-subscribe', 'cqrs', 'event-sourcing']
['mpmediaquery', 'mpmediaitem', 'mpmediaitemcollection']
['googlemock', 'googletest', 'cpputest', 'ocunit', 'cppunit', 'qtestlib']
['filewriter', 'stringwriter', 'bufferedwriter', 'bufferedreader', 'fileoutputstream', 'fileinputstream', 'printwriter']
['geddy', 'web.py', 'web2py', 'yesod']
['schematron', 'relaxng']
['theano', 'tensorflow', 'libsvm', 'xgboost', 'lasagne', 'pybrain', 'caffe']
['execvp', 'waitpid']
['sign', 'signing']
['messagepack', 'msgpack']
['pycurl', 'pyopenssl']
['retrofit', 'okhttp']
['subprocess', 'pyserial', 'paramiko', 'pexpect']
['sublimetext2', 'scite', 'gedit', 'textmate', 'sublimetext']
['propertynotfoundexception', 'notserializableexception']
['fuelphp', 'restler', 'lithium', 'zend-framework']
['plsql', 'plpgsql']
['rickshaw', 'morris.js', 'highstock', 'highcharts', 'jqplot', 'flot']
['ibm', 'enterprise']
['nspersistentdocument', 'uimanageddocument']
['dokuwiki', 'silverstripe', 'modx', 'mediawiki']
['paredit', 'font-lock']
['dwr', 'amfphp']
['angular-material', 'material-design-lite']
['null-character', 'newline', 'linefeed', 'nul']
['pycurl', 'urllib']
['viewwillappear', 'layoutsubviews', 'viewdidappear']
['staruml', 'papyrus']
['django-rest-framework', 'wtforms']
['xul', 'mxml', 'xbl']
['orbeon', 'livecycle']
['nul', 'null-character']
['minifilter', 'winusb']
['nodejitsu', 'cloudfoundry']
['defaulttablemodel', 'tablerowsorter']
['fckeditor', 'redactor', 'codemirror', 'wysihtml5', 'nicedit']
['gojs', 'cytoscape.js', 'sigma.js', 'protovis', 'd3.js', 'jointjs']
['datetimeoffset', 'hierarchyid']
['treeviewitem', 'menuitem', 'listboxitem', 'listitem']
['fputcsv', 'textscan', 'fgetcsv']
['webchromeclient', 'webviewclient']
['speex', 'amr', 'aac', 'vp8', 'opus']
['nsurlsessionuploadtask', 'nsurlsessiondownloadtask']
['iron-router', 'vue-router', 'react-router', 'react-router-redux']
['reverse-engineering', 'deobfuscation', 'decompiling', 'encryption', 'obfuscation']
['netbsd', 'gentoo', 'freebsd', 'opensolaris', 'sunos', 'openbsd']
['otool', 'ldd', 'nm']
['winrar', 'rar', '7zip']
['np-complete', 'np']
['ui.bootstrap', 'ngroute', 'ngsanitize']
['vue.js', 'react-router', 'vue-router']
['iterable', 'iterator']
['android-wear', 'android-tv']
['velocity.js', 'reactcsstransitiongroup']
['xml.etree', 'simplepie', 'lxml', 'feedparser']
['vitamio', 'stagefright', 'howler.js', 'naudio', 'jfugue']
['foreman', 'pm2']
['globbing', 'substitution']
['response', 'post']
['tomahawk', 'ajax4jsf', 'icefaces', 'trinidad']
['red-black-tree', 'priority-queue']
['sbt-assembly', 'maven-antrun-plugin', 'maven-dependency-plugin', 'maven-bundle-plugin', 'maven-jar-plugin', 'maven-ear-plugin', 'maven-shade-plugin']
['ecslidingviewcontroller', 'swrevealviewcontroller']
['mongoose', 'eloquent']
['jcarousel', 'photoswipe', 'galleria', 'mixitup', 'lightgallery']
['geodjango', 'rgeo']
['discretization', 'kriging']
['flyway', 'liquibase', 'alembic']
['documentlistener', 'jformattedtextfield']
['treelist', 'gridcontrol', 'radgridview', 'radtreeview']
['uinavigationcontroller', 'uisplitviewcontroller', 'uitabbarcontroller']
['qlikview', 'microstrategy', 'powerbi', 'arcgis', 'qliksense']
['floyd-warshall', 'ford-fulkerson']
['enyo', 'nativescript', 'uwp', 'winjs']
['tcp', 'dtls', 'coap', 'sctp']
['jmockit', 'nsubstitute', 'moq', 'autofixture', 'easymock', 'fakeiteasy']
['treeviewitem', 'listitem', 'listboxitem', 'menuitem']
['qmainwindow', 'qdialog', 'qfiledialog', 'qmessagebox']
['supersized', 'jcarousel', 'photoswipe', 'galleria', 'fotorama']
['ag-grid', 'footable', 'vaadin-grid']
['pushsharp', 'storekit', 'mkstorekit']
['buildr', 'nant', 'maven', 'msbuild', 'sbt', 'ant']
['ti-basic', 'quine', 'brainfuck']
['core.async', 'bacon.js', 'reactive-banana']
['parsefloat', 'parseint']
['textfield', 'uitextfield']
['nio', 'netty']
['uisearchbardelegate', 'uialertviewdelegate']
['sourcetree', 'smartgit']
['gridview', 'gridcontrol', 'datagridview']
['textscan', 'fgetcsv', 'fputcsv']
['prng', 'hash-function']
['tween.js', 'velocity.js', 'svg.js', 'raphael', 'snap.svg']
['priority-queue', 'union-find', 'red-black-tree']
['apache-poi', 'rxtx', 'opencsv', 'jackcess']
['extends', 'implements']
['ehcache', 'gemfire']
['varchar2', 'clob']
['jspdf', 'fabricjs', 'html2canvas']
['compression', 'decompression']
['domdocument', 'domxpath']
['lapply', 'mapply', 'tapply']
['touch-event', 'touch-events']
['filenotfoundexception', 'nullreferenceexception', 'noclassdeffounderror', 'nullpointerexception']
['treetable', 'treegrid', 'listgrid']
['sqldf', 'plyr', 'reshape2', 'tidyr', 'dplyr']
['capistrano', 'bundler', 'rubygems', 'rvm']
['textblob', 'psutil', 'python-twitter', 'fuzzywuzzy']
['icheck', 'bootstrap-multiselect', 'tag-it', 'magicsuggest']
['nswindowcontroller', 'nssavepanel']
['i18next', 'momentjs', 'timeago', 'globalize']
['xval', 'parsley.js', 'knockout-validation', 'fluentvalidation']
['nstimer', 'nsrunloop']
['textchanged', 'onkeyup', 'mouseup', 'keyup', 'mousedown', 'onkeydown', 'keydown']
['optaplanner', 'anylogic']
['aether', 'ivyde']
['datetime', 'datetimeoffset']
['c++builder', 'dwscript']
['stdout', 'tee']
['architecture', 'design']
['jgit', 'gitpython']
['while-loop', 'foreach', 'if-statement', 'for-loop']
['jpopupmenu', 'jmenuitem', 'jmenubar']
['react-router-redux', 'bluebird', 'mobx', 'bacon.js', 'redux-saga']
['closures', 'short-circuiting', 'inlining', 'shadowing', 'hoisting']
['lazyload', 'lazy-loading']
['memcheck', 'nszombie']
['node-sass', 'gulp-sass', 'laravel-elixir']
['fputs', 'getc', 'getchar', 'putchar']
['jquery-ui', 'jquery-tools']
['scrollspy', 'jquery-mobile', 'pjax']
['putty', 'winscp']
['defineproperty', 'hasownproperty']
['pbkdf2', 'scrypt']
['optparse', 'argparse', 'pyyaml', 'configparser']
['titleview', 'tintcolor']
['pm2', 'foreman']
['collapsingtoolbarlayout', 'autocompletetextview', 'searchview']
['xulrunner', 'geckofx']
['detailsview', 'radgrid', 'radiobuttonlist', 'repeater', 'datalist', 'checkboxlist']
['persistent', 'shared']
['bacon.js', 'reactivex']
['sharpgl', 'opentk', 'slimdx']
['twitter-bootstrap-rails', 'zurb-foundation']
['listdir', 'readdir', 'os.walk']
['aar', 'fla', 'swc']
['elf', 'coff', 'pe']
['swing', 'rcp', 'vaadin', 'lwuit', 'awt', 'jface', 'swt']
['midje', 'junit4', 'scalamock', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'spock', 'scalacheck', 'specs2']
['opacity', 'z-index']
['jsx', 'coffeescript']
['riscv', 'x86']
['wxformbuilder', 'scenebuilder']
['system.reflection', 'envdte']
['reactivex', 'cyclejs']
['pywin32', 'twython', 'tweepy', 'python-twitter', 'xmpppy', 'psutil', 'skype4py']
['onsubmit', 'onclick', 'onchange', 'onclientclick']
['otrs', 'openbravo']
['nosuchmethoderror', 'linkageerror']
['jcheckbox', 'jmenuitem', 'jradiobutton']
['eventlet', 'xmlrpclib', 'rpyc', 'pyro']
['sockjs', 'peerjs', 'strophe']
['indexoutofboundsexception', 'indexoutofrangeexception']
['seaborn', 'rcharts', 'matplotlib', 'lattice', 'ggplot2']
['non-deterministic', 'deterministic']
['qslider', 'qplaintextedit', 'qprogressbar']
['angular2', 'aurelia', 'electron']
['nslayoutmanager', 'textkit']
['onblur', 'onchange', 'keyup', 'onfocus', 'onkeydown', 'onkeyup']
['malloc', 'calloc', 'realloc', 'memset']
['swipeview', 'uipageviewcontroller', 'uicollectionview', 'icarousel']
['augeas', 'facter', 'hiera']
['lnk2001', 'lnk2019']
['mkpolygon', 'clregion']
['hockeyapp', 'fastlane']
['revel', 'beego', 'web.py', 'compoundjs', 'martini']
['rdflib', 'twython', 'python-twitter', 'mongokit', 'couchdb-python']
['nlp', 'linguistics']
['c3.js', 'core-plot', 'achartengine', 'ios-charts']
['jmockit', 'junit4', 'scalamock', 'spock', 'easymock', 'unitils']
['id3', 'id3v2']
['trackbar', 'slider']
['hmisc', 'performanceanalytics', 'plotrix', 'quantmod']
['mspec', 'xunit.net', 'mbunit', 'cucumber-jvm', 'thucydides', 'dbfit']
['ofbiz', 'dspace']
['caroufredsel', 'slimscroll', 'jcarousel', 'jcarousellite', 'tinyscrollbar']
['jdom', 'dom4j']
['libvlc', 'pulseaudio', 'v4l2']
['bare-metal', 'bios', 'uefi']
['bindingsource', 'dataview', 'datarow']
['jpeg', 'lossless']
['wxwidgets', 'qt']
['twython', 'python-twitter', 'rauth', 'python-requests']
['testcomplete', 'qtp', 'loadrunner', 'qc']
['away3d', 'assimp', 'irrlicht', 'fltk', 'ogre']
['log4php', 'java.util.logging']
['callstack', 'stack-trace']
['enquire.js', 'zeroclipboard', 'swfaddress']
['tfs', 'jenkins', 'cruisecontrol.net', 'cruisecontrol', 'teamcity']
['laravel-5.2', 'laravel-5', 'zend-framework2']
['easyphp', 'ampps']
['deployment', 'packaging']
['highlight.js', 'pygments']
['avx2', 'avx']
['bufferedreader', 'stringtokenizer']
['pyrocms', 'feedparser', 'feedzirra', 'simplepie']
['struct', 'member']
['ocaml', 'sml', 'purescript', 'agda', 'haskell', 'racket', 'idris']
['firemonkey', 'wxwidgets', 'mfc']
['seaborn', 'rcharts', 'dygraphs', 'mpld3']
['transactionscope', 'using-statement']
['rethinkdb', 'nedb']
['bootbox', 'qtip2', 'simplemodal', 'toastr', 'sweetalert']
['scenekit', 'cocos2d-js', 'sprite-kit']
['opennms', 'ambari', 'opscenter']
['gulp-sass', 'gulp-concat', 'grunt-contrib-watch', 'gulp-uglify', 'gulp-watch']
['qcombobox', 'qpushbutton', 'qlistwidget', 'qcheckbox']
['hpple', 'jtidy', 'saxparser', 'htmlcleaner']
['nlopt', 'glpk', 'cvxopt', 'scip']
['skphysicsbody', 'skscene', 'skshapenode', 'skemitternode']
['gephi', 'rickshaw', 'jointjs', 'cytoscape.js', 'd3.js', 'protovis', 'sigma.js', 'cytoscape']
['arduino', 'nodemcu']
['jaybird', 'jtds', 'ucanaccess']
['mitmproxy', 'burp', 'aircrack-ng']
['cairo', 'wxpython', 'mayavi', 'pyglet']
['bazaar', 'fossil']
['odt', 'eml', 'mhtml']
['zoo', 'xts']
['octree', 'quadtree', 'r-tree']
['kineticjs', 'easeljs', 'pixi.js', 'createjs']
['qfile', 'ifstream', 'fstream']
['jprofiler', 'visualvm', 'yourkit', 'jmc']
['configparser', 'pickle', 'shelve']
['authorize.net', '2checkout']
['gensim', 'xgboost', 'cvxopt', 'graphlab']
['angular2', 'aurelia', 'ember.js', 'reactjs', 'vue-router', 'vue.js']
['puremvc', 'gwt-platform', 'coldbox', 'javascriptmvc', 'robotlegs']
['spring-data', 'spring-data-mongodb', 'spring-data-jpa']
['tapply', 'cumsum']
['tablerow', 'tablecell']
['guid', 'uuid']
['gxt', 'icefaces', 'ext.net']
['git-pull', 'git-commit', 'git-revert']
['bndtools', 'archetypes']
['xc8', 'tcc', 'sdcc']
['mono.cecil', 'directshow.net', 'easyhook']
['windows-ce', 'windows-mobile']
['trie', 'tree']
['hapi', 'restify']
['datagridview', 'treelist', 'tabcontrol', 'gridview', 'treeview']
['mkannotationview', 'mapkit', 'mkmapview']
['carrierwave', 'transloadit']
['kineticjs', 'easeljs', 'snap.svg', 'raphael', 'fabricjs']
['fetchxml', 'mdx', 'caml']
['tumblr', 'squarespace']
['audiorecord', 'audiotrack', 'mediarecorder', 'soundpool']
['qgraphicsscene', 'qscrollarea', 'qgraphicsitem', 'qgraphicsview']
['ng-options', 'optgroup']
['vb.net', 'delphi']
['sinon', 'mocha', 'chai', 'protractor', 'cucumberjs', 'qunit', 'jasmine']
['registration', 'authentication', 'logout', 'login']
['asciidoc', 'textile', 'restructuredtext']
['enumerable', 'iterator', 'iterable']
['uipangesturerecognizer', 'uiswipegesturerecognizer', 'uipinchgesturerecognizer']
['datatrigger', 'multidatatrigger']
['spannablestring', 'linkify']
['cunit', 'googlemock', 'googletest', 'cpputest', 'gmock', 'cppunit']
['tinyscrollbar', 'jcarousellite', 'jcarousel', 'slimscroll']
['pathogen', 'vundle']
['sbt-assembly', 'onejar', 'maven-jar-plugin', 'maven-bundle-plugin', 'bndtools', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'bnd']
['tipsy', 'cluetip', 'hoverintent', 'zeroclipboard', 'jcarousellite', 'anythingslider', 'qtip2', 'zclip']
['metaclass', 'nsobject', 'superclass', 'subclass']
['ardent', 'activemodel']
['sharpssh', 'rxtx', 'libssh', 'sshj']
['stackexchange.redis', 'spymemcached', 'astyanax', 'booksleeve', 'jedis']
['jasmine', 'chai', 'protractor', 'qunit', 'mocha']
['ffmpeg', 'sox']
['iframe', 'frameset']
['mouseup', 'onfocus', 'textchanged', 'keydown', 'onkeyup', 'onblur', 'keyup']
['buildbot', 'maven', 'rundeck', 'cruisecontrol', 'teamcity', 'jenkins']
['ocaml', 'xtend', 'rust', 'java', 'f#', 'kotlin', 'groovy', 'haskell', 'ceylon', 'scala']
['gzipstream', 'networkstream', 'binaryreader']
['poltergeist', 'slimerjs']
['maven-jar-plugin', 'maven-javadoc-plugin']
['filewriter', 'stringwriter', 'bufferedreader', 'printwriter', 'fileoutputstream', 'bufferedwriter']
['phpword', 'html2pdf', 'tinybutstrong', 'mpdf', 'docx4j', 'opentbs']
['signing', 'sign']
['pythonxy', 'canopy', 'conda', 'virtualenv', 'anaconda']
['impala', 'tez']
['epplus', 'docx4j', 'apache-poi', 'opencsv', 'jxls']
['readr', 'xlconnect', 'rcurl', 'rjsonio']
['stack-trace', 'callstack']
['pandoc', 'clang-format']
['richfaces', 'zk', 'vaadin', 'tapestry', 'jsf', 'icefaces', 'struts2', 'wicket']
['rest-client', 'savon']
['bindparam', 'bindvalue']
['karma-jasmine', 'karma-mocha']
['mvel', 'stringtemplate', 'cfml']
['ssis', 'ssms', 'sp']
['colorbox', 'thickbox', 'jquery-dialog']
['textblob', 'scikit-learn', 'xgboost', 'mallet', 'nltk', 'gensim']
['sml', 'rust', 'prolog', 'f#', 'haskell', 'racket', 'idris', 'ocaml']
['morphia', 'spring-data-solr', 'elastic4s']
['osmf', 'jplayer', 'video.js']
['nvl', 'coalesce', 'isnull']
['flask-security', 'django-socialauth']
['interbase', 'ingres']
['pexpect', 'subprocess']
['migrate', 'migrating']
['flexjson', 'org.json']
['vitamio', 'video.js', 'osmf']
['performanceanalytics', 'plotrix', 'hmisc']
['deserialization', 'marshalling', 'serialization']
['mkmapview', 'mkoverlay', 'mkannotationview']
['nettcpbinding', 'net.tcp']
['sqlyog', 'dbvisualizer', 'heidisql', 'dbeaver']
['vhdl', 'verilog', 'system-verilog']
['microstrategy', 'powerbi', 'qlikview']
['chain-of-responsibility', 'open-session-in-view']
['jung', 'networkx', 'cytoscape.js', 'cytoscape', 'sigma.js', 'igraph', 'gephi']
['flask-login', 'ember-simple-auth']
['pbx', 'ivr']
['typedef', 'extern']
['timertask', 'dispatchertimer', 'countdowntimer', 'stopwatch']
['bundler', 'asset-pipeline', 'sprockets']
['entitydatasource', 'xmldatasource']
['elm', 'scala', 'coffeescript', 'dart']
['wif', 'azman']
['postsharp', 'aspectj']
['gtk2hs', 'gtksourceview']
['cometd', 'vert.x']
['argumentnullexception', 'invocationtargetexception', 'argumentexception', 'illegalstateexception', 'indexoutofboundsexception', 'illegalargumentexception']
['automake', 'ocamlbuild', 'cpack', 'scons', 'autotools']
['sparkr', 'gephi', 'dask', 'elki', 'incanter']
['maven-compiler-plugin', 'maven-resources-plugin']
['vim', 'macvim', 'aquamacs', 'emacs']
['cp1252', 'windows-1252', 'utf-8', 'utf-32', 'utf-16']
['reliability', 'robustness']
['migrating', 'migrate']
['textblock', 'tabcontrol', 'richtextbox']
['avr-gcc', 'emu8086', 'masm']
['kineticjs', 'snap.svg', 'svg.js', 'fabricjs', 'raphael']
['gulp-watch', 'gulp-sass', 'grunt-contrib-watch']
['ttk', 'wx', 'wxpython', 'tk']
['cldc', 'bada', 'java-me']
['extendscript', 'applescript', 'scite', 'maxscript']
['lsf', 'pbs']
['codesmith', 't4']
['ivr', 'pbx']
['agal', 'shader', 'hlsl', 'glsl']
['shopify', 'magento', 'woocommerce']
['odeint', 'ublas']
['qtextedit', 'textctrl', 'qtextbrowser']
['leptonica', 'tess4j', 'tesseract']
['crystal-reports', 'oracle-apex']
['n2cms', 'umbraco7']
['terminal', 'prompt']
['leaflet', 'jvectormap', 'jqvmap']
['robotframework', 'pywinauto', 'monkeyrunner', 'splinter', 'selenium', 'qtp', 'sikuli']
['git-gui', 'arcanist']
['cakephp', 'mezzanine', 'silverstripe', 'web2py', 'django']
['lwuit', 'j2mepolish']
['fileinputstream', 'filechannel']
['qtwebkit', 'qtwebengine']
['thucydides', 'web-testing']
['ogg', 'vp8', 'm4a', 'opus', 'amr', 'aac']
['swc', '.war', 'aar']
['xmlhttprequest', 'xdomainrequest']
['qtreewidget', 'qabstractitemmodel', 'qtableview', 'qtreeview', 'qfilesystemmodel']
['naivebayes', 'crf']
['bytearrayinputstream', 'filewriter', 'bufferedwriter', 'fileinputstream', 'bufferedreader', 'printwriter', 'fileoutputstream']
['textchanged', 'selectedindexchanged']
['flyway', 'mybatis', 'alembic', 'liquibase']
['fparsec', 'camlp4']
['catel', 'caliburn']
['qtgui', 'qtserialport', 'qtnetwork']
['gd', 'ghostscript', 'imagemagick']
['php', 'javascript']
['rethinkdb', 'aerospike', 'influxdb']
['waitpid', 'execvp']
['phplist', 'roundcube']
['hashcode', 'tostring', 'gethashcode', 'compareto']
['lftp', 'gsutil']
['messagebox', 'toast', 'alert']
['gatling', 'grinder', 'loadrunner', 'blazemeter']
['gitk', 'git-gui']
['3gp', 'm4a']
['atomic', 'atomicity']
['bubble-sort', 'heapsort', 'shellsort', 'insertion-sort']
['propertychangelistener', 'changelistener', 'listselectionlistener', 'documentlistener', 'focuslistener']
['grouping', 'sorting']
['case-insensitive', 'case-sensitive']
['struts2', 'spring']
['wxwidgets', 'wxpython']
['drupal', 'openerp', 'odoo']
['qunit', 'mocha-phantomjs', 'frisby.js']
['fputs', 'getc', 'fgets', 'fscanf', 'getchar', 'fgetc']
['addressbookui', 'storekit', 'messageui', 'eventkit']
['cout', 'cin']
['il', 'cil']
['attoparsec', 'fparsec', 'parsec']
['unidata', 'dbf', 'paradox']
['caroufredsel', 'lightgallery', 'quicksand', 'mixitup']
['egit', 'gitpython', 'jgit']
['sass', 'mixins']
['ninject', 'structuremap', 'spring.net']
['mybatis', 'kundera', 'ibatis', 'querydsl']
['pygtk', 'gtk#']
['eclim', 'remote-debugging']
['orika', 'automapper', 'dozer', 'xstream', 'modelmapper']
['poppler', 'pdfsharp', 'gdcm', 'libharu']
['kohana', 'cakephp', 'codeigniter', 'slim']
['splunk', 'optaplanner', 'esper']
['python-requests', 'node-request']
['flowlayoutpanel', 'splitcontainer', 'groupbox']
['jqueryform', 'svg.js', 'jquery-ui-map', 'jquery-svg']
['pos-tagging', 'face-recognition']
['jdialog', 'joptionpane']
['asm.js', 'jscript.net', 'smali', 'objective-j', 'lzx']
['odt', '.doc', 'xlsx', 'rtf', 'xls', 'docx']
['tomahawk', 'richfaces', 'ajax4jsf', 'trinidad', 'openfaces', 'icefaces', 'omnifaces']
['bytearrayinputstream', 'bufferedwriter', 'printwriter', 'stringwriter']
['panel', 'dock']
['handlebars.js', 'knockout.js', 'underscore.js']
['messageui', 'watchconnectivity', 'core-bluetooth']
['db4o', 'nedb', 'zodb']
['commoncrypto', 'libusb', 'iokit']
['mspec', 'testdriven.net', 'dotcover', 'opencover', 'ncover', 'ncrunch']
['spring-webflow', 'struts-1']
['jung', 'jung2', 'sigma.js', 'jgrapht', 'graphstream']
['listener', 'observers', 'listeners']
['dotnetopenauth', 'signpost', 'phpass', 'lightopenid']
['nsopenglview', 'nsimageview']
['browserify', 'babel']
['mappedsuperclass', 'self-type']
['toupper', 'tolower']
['three20', 'commoncrypto', 'mailcore2', 'mailcore']
['gatling', 'coverage.py', 'ycsb', 'locust']
['pyodbc', 'dbi']
['terracotta', 'hazelcast', 'ignite']
['izpack', 'onejar', 'jwrapper', 'launch4j']
['angular-ui', 'semantic-ui', 'ng2-bootstrap']
['changelistener', 'actionlistener', 'listeners', 'listener']
['vertica', 'db2']
['nlme', 'rpart', 'lme4', 'glmnet', 'gbm']
['pdftk', 'packer']
['tcp', 'packet']
['astyanax', 'solrnet', 'neo4jclient']
['sql-insert', 'sql-delete', 'sql-update']
['classnotfoundexception', 'nosuchmethoderror']
['stringr', 'plotrix', 'stringi', 'qdap']
['mmenu', 'megamenu', 'scrollspy', 'superfish']
['carthage', 'cocoapods']
['typeahead.js', 'bloodhound']
['irrlicht', 'alljoyn', 'openframeworks', 'ogre', 'cinder']
['glmnet', 'gbm', 'rpart']
['weibo', 'vk']
['bindingsource', 'dataview']
['phpword', 'prawn', 'jspdf', 'html2pdf', 'mpdf', 'dompdf']
['skscene', 'avplayerlayer', 'skview']
['arcpy', 'arcgis', 'catia', 'arcmap']
['uitextview', 'nswindow', 'nstextview']
['textview', 'spinner']
['richfaces', 'openfaces', 'smartgwt', 'jsf', 'icefaces', 'extjs', 'primefaces']
['isnull', 'coalesce', 'nvl']
['gitosis', 'cruisecontrol.net', 'visualsvn']
['spring-security', 'prettyfaces']
['hmisc', 'vignette']
['mpmovieplayer', 'mpmovieplayercontroller']
['octobercms', 'mezzanine', 'keystonejs']
['prawn', 'prawnto']
['video.js', 'jplayer']
['sshj', 'phpass', 'libssh', 'phpseclib']
['twitter-bootstrap', 'glkit', 'pixate']
['shunting-yard', 'a-star', 'ford-fulkerson', 'floyd-warshall']
['uigesturerecognizer', 'catransition', 'calayer', 'caanimation']
['cp1252', 'windows-1252', 'utf-8', 'iso-8859-1']
['baseadapter', 'abstracttablemodel']
['spymemcached', 'jedis', 'pycassa', 'astyanax']
['tilemill', 'cartodb']
['momentjs', 'datejs']
['xslt', 'xsl-fo']
['drools', 'bonita', 'jrules']
['csvhelper', 'apache-poi', 'filehelpers', 'mpxj']
['uipinchgesturerecognizer', 'uitapgesturerecognizer', 'uiswipegesturerecognizer', 'uipangesturerecognizer']
['blaze', 'reagent']
['netlogo', 'vhdl', 'ampl', 'minizinc', 'modelica']
['anyevent', 'ratchet', 'reactphp']
['nscolor', 'uicolor']
['windows-xp', 'windows-vista']
['sigabrt', 'sigsegv', 'segmentation-fault']
['arraycollection', 'observablecollection']
['propertychangelistener', 'focuslistener', 'listselectionlistener', 'documentlistener', 'changelistener']
['playframework', 'dropwizard', 'scalatra']
['avcapturesession', 'avmutablecomposition', 'avassetreader', 'avassetexportsession', 'avassetwriter']
['redux-saga', 'reactivex', 'reactive-banana', 'bacon.js']
['wxformbuilder', 'qt-designer']
['cesium', 'openlayers', 'jvectormap', 'leaflet']
['swiperefreshlayout', 'drawerlayout']
['scalatra', 'enlive', 'spray', 'compojure']
['m4a', 'aac', 'ogg']
['flexjson', 'jackson', 'json.net', 'xstream', 'org.json', 'gson']
['tipsy', 'jcarousellite', 'hoverintent']
['strlen', 'strdup', 'strtok', 'strcmp', 'strcat']
['savefiledialog', 'qfiledialog', 'nsopenpanel', 'folderbrowserdialog', 'openfiledialog']
['jquery-validate', 'parsley.js', 'livevalidation', 'formvalidation.io', 'bootstrapvalidator']
['eclipselink', 'datanucleus', 'spring-data-jpa', 'openjpa']
['wxpython', 'wxwidgets', 'wx']
['tfs2012', 'tfs2013']
['tfs2013', 'tfs2012']
['virtualpathprovider', 'sitemapprovider']
['alassetslibrary', 'photokit']
['nspredicate', 'nsmutableset', 'nssortdescriptor']
['libjpeg', 'libpng', 'openssl', 'zlib']
['decltype', 'typedef', 'typename']
['scons', 'automake', 'autotools', 'bjam', 'ocamlbuild']
['bunyan', 'winston', 'log4php', 'log4r']
['geopandas', 'qgis']
['sbt-assembly', 'sbt', 'xsbt-web-plugin', 'leiningen']
['fuelphp', 'lithium']
['gcdasyncsocket', 'mknetworkkit', 'cocoaasyncsocket']
['scrollmagic', 'velocity.js', 'skrollr', 'stellar.js', 'gsap', 'wow.js']
['subtyping', 'unification']
['bootbox', 'qtip2', 'jqmodal', 'thickbox', 'colorbox', 'nyromodal', 'simplemodal']
['ocmock', 'ocmockito']
['substitution', 'globbing']
['flask-mail', 'smtplib', 'restify', 'nodemailer']
['poltergeist', 'capybara-webkit']
['sockjs', 'strophe', 'peerjs']
['scons', 'autotools', 'rebar', 'ocamlbuild', 'waf']
['jnetpcap', 'winpcap', 'directshow.net', 'libpcap', 'pcap.net', 'sharppcap']
['fakeiteasy', 'nsubstitute', 'justmock', 'moq', 'moles', 'typemock']
['gedit', 'notepad++', 'notepad']
['httplib', 'urllib2']
['infusionsoft', 'yodlee', 'basecamp', 'zendesk']
['marathon', 'consul']
['merb', 'ruby-on-rails', 'padrino']
['parsec', 'argonaut', 'attoparsec', 'aeson']
['sqlyog', 'heidisql', 'robomongo']
['qitemdelegate', 'qabstractitemmodel', 'qabstracttablemodel']
['sbt-assembly', 'maven', 'leiningen', 'sbt', 'cargo']
['qfiledialog', 'getopenfilename']
['spring-jms', 'errai', 'apache-camel']
['node-mongodb-native', 'mongodb-csharp']
['keycloak', 'cas']
['bash', 'ksh']
['anchor', 'iframe']
['apk', 'cab']
['m4a', 'amr', 'wma', 'caf']
['solidworks', 'cad']
['calabash', 'selenium', 'selendroid', 'protractor', 'uiautomator', 'calabash-ios', 'appium']
['vbulletin', 'zen-cart']
['armadillo', 'sympy', 'mpmath', 'gsl', 'odeint']
['gnutls', 'libssh2', 'crypto++', 'botan']
['pyyaml', 'snakeyaml', 'ini', 'yaml']
['manage.py', 'rake']
['hoisting', 'shadowing']
['fparsec', 'irony']
['bufferedwriter', 'fileinputstream', 'printwriter', 'fileoutputstream', 'filewriter']
['namedtuple', 'defaultdict']
['jdom', 'pdfsharp', 'apache-poi', 'pdfbox', 'docx4j']
['jssc', 'jnetpcap', 'smslib', 'rxtx']
['autocomplete', 'autosuggest']
['aws-cli', 'distcp', 's3cmd']
['coveralls', 'karma-coverage', 'istanbul', 'qunit', 'blanket.js']
['testunit', 'rspec2', 'rspec', 'webrat', 'minitest']
['mod-wsgi', 'mod-proxy', 'mod-php']
['sigint', 'sigkill']
['pjsip', 'jmdns', 'bluecove']
['scite', 'ultraedit', 'gedit', 'jedit']
['rpy2', 'pygraphviz', 'pydot']
['doctest', 'optparse', 'pexpect', 'argparse', 'pydoc']
['qtwebkit', 'javascriptcore']
['deployment', 'installation']
['eigen', 'gsl', 'fftw', 'armadillo', 'dlib', 'cgal']
['superfish', 'mmenu', 'megamenu']
['jquery-validate', 'parsley.js', 'formvalidation.io', 'jquery-validation-engine']
['rspec', 'cucumber', 'jasmine', 'minitest', 'protractor', 'webrat', 'capybara']
['mapply', 'strsplit', 'grepl']
['rgdal', 'rjsonio', 'rvest', 'xlconnect', 'rcurl']
['coveralls', 'minitest', 'simplecov']
['nodejitsu', 'modulus.io']
['ormlite', 'mongoose', 'jaydata', 'breeze']
['javaw', 'processbuilder']
['audiotrack', 'soundpool', 'mediarecorder', 'audiorecord']
['slrequest', 'acaccount']
['pygtk', 'gjs']
['grepl', 'tapply', 'strsplit']
['throws', 'throw']
['fluentvalidation', 'handlebars.js', 'razorengine']
['ng-switch', 'ng-show', 'ng-hide']
['python-mode', 'haskell-mode']
['collectionview', 'wkinterfacetable']
['babeljs', 'traceur', 'transpiler']
['robustness', 'reliability']
['googletest', 'cpputest', 'gmock', 'cppunit', 'cunit']
['twitter4j', 'jtwitter', 'tweetsharp', 'facebook4j']
['leaflet', 'openlayers']
['libjpeg', 'libusb', 'libsndfile']
['qgraphicsview', 'qpainter']
['angular-datatables', 'ag-grid']
['sendgrid', 'actionmailer', 'swiftmailer']
['eclemma', 'emma', 'cobertura', 'jacoco']
['emacs', 'vim', 'gedit', 'nano']
['ant', 'cruisecontrol.net', 'msbuild', 'cruisecontrol', 'psake', 'nant']
['aws-cli', 'fabric8', 'jclouds']
['morris.js', 'rgraph', 'achartengine', 'graphael', 'c3.js', 'dojox.charting']
['meshlab', 'vrml', 'povray']
['tostring', 'compareto', 'gethashcode', 'hashcode']
['hql', 'jdoql', 'n1ql', 'reql', 'jpql', 'gql']
['swtbot', 'pax-exam']
['woocommerce', 'magento']
['c-strings', 'null-terminated']
['gstat', 'arules', 'traminer']
['test-kitchen', 'chef-solo', 'buildbot', 'rundeck', 'salt-stack']
['cider', 'haskell-mode', 'helm']
['protractor', 'selenium']
['django-reversion', 'flask-security', 'django-guardian']
['opus', 'vp8']
['cgrect', 'rect']
['execute', 'launch']
['createfile', 'shellexecute']
['onpaint', 'paintevent']
['hmisc', 'plotrix', 'gridextra']
['latex', 'knitr', 'kramdown', 'pandoc']
['rabbitmq', 'netmq', 'zeromq']
['tinyxml', 'saxparser', 'tbxml', 'pugixml', 'rapidxml']
['box2d', 'irrlicht', 'jbox2d', 'chipmunk']
['mootools', 'xui', 'zepto']
['grpc', 'kaa']
['abaqus', 'scilab']
['rabin-karp', 'a-star', 'boyer-moore']
['nscopying', 'nscoding']
['listboxitem', 'controltemplate']
['storagefile', 'isolatedstoragefile']
['systemtap', 'strace', 'dtrace']
['skview', 'avplayerlayer']
['eventkit', 'callkit', 'watchconnectivity']
['readerwriterlockslim', 'reentrantreadwritelock']
['listbox', 'datagrid']
['rickshaw', 'dc.js', 'dygraphs', 'crossfilter']
['calloc', 'memset', 'realloc', 'strdup', 'malloc']
['struts2-jquery', 'tag-it']
['reshape2', 'plotrix', 'stringi', 'xlconnect', 'readr']
['linuxmint', 'debian', 'mint', 'opensuse', 'ubuntu', 'fedora']
['m4a', 'wmv', '3gp']
['pkgbuild', 'packagemaker']
['win32gui', 'comtypes', 'pyhook', 'psutil', 'pywin32']
['powerview', 'officewriter']
['nsdocument', 'nsfilewrapper']
['jmstemplate', 'jdbctemplate']
['graylog2', 'logstash']
['publish-subscribe', 'messaging']
['web-scraping', 'web-crawler']
['jscript', 'vb.net', 'autoit', 'vba', 'vbscript']
['appharbor', 'capistrano', 'nodejitsu', 'cloudfoundry', 'heroku']
['dropdownlistfor', 'viewbag']
['scite', 'bbedit', 'gedit', 'kate']
['neo4jphp', 'kundera', 'phpcassa']
['fltk', 'wxwidgets', 'sdl', 'glut', 'glfw']
['infinispan', 'vaadin', 'tapestry', 'icefaces', 'wicket', 'zk']
['asdoc', 'phpdoc']
['getter', 'accessor']
['cocoa', 'uikit']
['dotnetopenauth', 'wif']
['malloc', 'calloc', 'memset', 'strcat', 'strdup', 'realloc']
['mod-php', 'mod-proxy']
['jdoql', 'n1ql', 'gql', 'reql']
['xml.etree', 'html5lib', 'lxml', 'pyquery', 'lxml.html']
['ocpjp', 'scjp']
['bufferedimage', 'qimage']
['3des', 'tripledes']
['virtuoso', 'exist-db']
['greenplum', 'voltdb', 'hypertable']
['kotlin', 'xtend', 'scala', 'ceylon']
['dsa', 'rsa']
['prestashop', 'whmcs', 'spree', 'magento2']
['luainterface', 'node-serialport', 'mongojs', 'edge.js']
['tortoisesvn', 'smartgit', 'sourcetree']
['caffe', 'scikit-learn', 'xgboost', 'lasagne', 'pybrain']
['docx', 'odt', 'epub']
['libv8', 'carrierwave', 'rmagick']
['sccm', 'lync']
['xamdatagrid', 'gridcontrol', 'radgridview', 'xtragrid']
['freebsd', 'netbsd', 'vxworks']
['jsviews', 'ember.js', 'vue.js', 'canjs', 'knockout.js']
['nsimage', 'ciimage', 'nsbitmapimagerep']
['pyodbc', 'pypyodbc']
['libssh2', 'pycrypto', 'gpgme', 'm2crypto']
['magento2', 'prestashop', 'sylius', 'spree']
['mojarra', 'resteasy', 'openejb', 'weld']
['case-sensitive', 'case-insensitive']
['dotcover', 'opencover', 'cppcheck', 'gcov', 'cobertura', 'lcov']
['mybatis', 'alembic', 'liquibase', 'flyway']
['sqlite3', 'geodjango', 'spatialite']
['seekbar', 'uitoolbar', 'uislider']
['three20', 'mvvmcross', 'monotouch.dialog']
['xlwings', 'easygui', 'pyautogui']
['encog', 'omnet++', 'veins']
['wshttpbinding', 'mtom']
['mallet', 'openears', 'cmusphinx']
['inotifycollectionchanged', 'idisposable', 'inotifypropertychanged']
['phpmyadmin', 'toad', 'ssms']
['sqlite.net', 'spring4d', 'java.util.concurrent', 'nodatime', 'bcl']
['transient', 'persistent']
['osql', 'bcp']
['twitter4j', 'smack']
['drawimage', 'getimagedata', 'todataurl']
['mhtml', 'epub', 'webarchive']
['rest-assured', 'mspec', 'junit4', 'swtbot', 'spock', 'munit']
['ocaml', 'swi-prolog', 'racket', 'sublimetext', 'mit-scheme', 'rebol']
['twitter-bootstrap', 'jquery-ui', 'jquery-mobile']
['bbpress', 'wpml']
['tripledes', '3des']
['nsobject', 'nscoder']
['mocha', 'karma-jasmine', 'mocha-phantomjs']
['python.net', 'easyhook', 'luainterface']
['removeclass', 'toggleclass', 'slidetoggle', 'addclass']
['typeof', 'instanceof']
['flixel', 'chipmunk', 'craftyjs', 'cocos2d-js', 'love2d']
['glfw', 'fltk', 'wxwidgets']
['qjson', 'libxml2', 'yaml-cpp']
['eventkit', 'mkstorekit', 'messageui', 'callkit', 'storekit']
['javascriptmvc', 'ember.js', 'vue.js', 'canjs']
['splitcontainer', 'groupbox', 'flowlayoutpanel']
['titan', 'arangodb', 'couchbase', 'neo4j']
['nineoldandroids', 'showcaseview']
['bazel', 'node-sass', 'scons', 'gyp']
['uitoolbar', 'uinavigationbar']
['jgroups', 'grizzly', 'mina']
['fedora', 'opensuse', 'linuxmint', 'mint']
['valgrind', 'callgrind', 'memcheck']
['qooxdoo', 'shieldui', 'kendo-ui', 'devextreme']
['h5py', 'sframe']
['binaryreader', 'networkstream']
['yeoman', 'ember-app-kit']
['nul', 'backslash', 'linefeed', 'newline']
['launch4j', 'inno-setup', 'izpack']
['xtragrid', 'radtreeview', 'xtratreelist']
['system.data.sqlite', 'npgsql']
['dash', 'dot']
['maven-antrun-plugin', 'maven-bundle-plugin', 'maven-jar-plugin', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'maven-dependency-plugin']
['elastic4s', 'mongojs', 'neo4jphp']
['bootstrap-multiselect', 'knockout-validation', 'knockout-sortable']
['objectdisposedexception', 'invalidoperationexception', 'argumentnullexception', 'illegalargumentexception', 'indexoutofrangeexception', 'argumentexception']
['epsilon', 'exponent']
['sigkill', 'sigpipe', 'sigint']
['floyd-warshall', 'flood-fill']
['font-size', 'width', 'height']
['datejs', 'spservices']
['ildasm', 'ilasm']
['addressbookui', 'messageui']
['iso-8859-1', 'cp1252', 'shift-jis', 'windows-1252']
['freebase', 'musicbrainz', 'imdb', 'pubmed']
['bonjour', 'avahi']
['genshi', 'chameleon', 'jinja', 'handlebars.js', 'mako']
['nsxmlparser', 'nsoperation', 'nsurlconnection']
['acaccount', 'slrequest']
['xctest', 'robotium', 'calabash', 'calabash-ios', 'ocunit', 'kif']
['qgis', 'geopandas']
['simpledateformat', 'messageformat']
['xsl-fo', 'xsltforms']
['sitecore', 'mura', 'umbraco', 'dotnetnuke', 'kentico']
['dropzone.js', 'plupload', 'jquery-file-upload', 'uploadify', 'swfupload']
['bluecove', 'jython', 'luaj']
['dotnetrdf', 'sesame', 'pellet', 'arq', 'jena']
['unity3d', 'flixel', 'cocos2d-js', 'nme', 'haxeflixel']
['kaa', 'gsoap', 'thrift', 'libtorrent', 'libwebsockets', 'grpc']
['pdfbox', 'docx4j', 'batik']
['runloop', 'goroutine']
['martini', 'koa', 'gorilla']
['blender', '3ds', 'maya', '3dsmax']
['jung', 'draw2d', 'graphstream', 'jfreechart', 'jgrapht', 'jgraph']
['vscode', 'eclim', 'omnisharp']
['fastercsv', 'open-uri']
['jqxgrid', 'jqgrid']
['scalate', 'jinja2', 'freemarker']
['kineticjs', 'pixastic', 'svg.js', 'fabricjs', 'camanjs']
['vimperator', 'vsvim']
['universal-image-loader', 'android-query', 'aquery']
['bindvalue', 'bindparam']
['wsdl', 'swagger']
['swrevealviewcontroller', 'ecslidingviewcontroller']
['fosrestbundle', 'django-rest-framework']
['bunyan', 'log4php', 'log4r', 'winston']
['fltk', 'openmdao']
['docx', '.doc']
['hashmap', 'map']
['onejar', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'sbt-assembly']
['angular-fullstack', 'meanjs']
['firefox', 'safari']
['paperclip', 'minimagick']
['docx', '.doc', 'xlsx', 'odt', 'xls']
['pypdf', 'prawn', 'pdfminer', 'pisa', 'reportlab']
['flexjson', 'gson', 'json.net', 'kryo', 'xstream', 'jackson']
['phpword', 'epplus', 'dompdf', 'mpdf', 'phpexcel']
['chr', 'ord']
['buddypress', 'jetpack']
['uibezierpath', 'mkpolygon', 'nsbezierpath']
['spring-security-oauth2', 'josso', 'spring-security', 'picketlink']
['bjyauthorize', 'zfcuser']
['jama', 'ntl', 'jscience']
['pygments', 'highlight.js']
['system.data', 'system.web']
['webviewclient', 'inappbrowser', 'browserfield']
['gremlin', 'n1ql', 'gql', 'reql', 'cypher', 'aql']
['knn', 'levenberg-marquardt', 'ford-fulkerson', 'floyd-warshall', 'apriori']
['newline', 'linefeed']
['bitvector', 'bitstring', 'bitset', 'bitarray']
['doctest', 'cprofile', 'timeit']
['jackcess', 'apache-poi', 'rxtx', 'com4j']
['wsse', 'soapheader']
['jqmobi', 'appframework']
['content-type', 'content-length', 'content-disposition']
['openmpi', 'mpich']
['northwind', 'adventureworks']
['basichttpbinding', 'netmsmqbinding', 'wsdualhttpbinding']
['lync', 'biztalk', 'sccm']
['vbulletin', 'ipb', 'bbpress', 'xenforo', 'mybb', 'phpbb']
['neo4j', 'arangodb', 'titan']
['getcwd', 'os.walk', 'listdir', 'readdir']
['toast', 'messagebox']
['cmake', 'kbuild']
['roboguice', 'scalamock', 'robolectric', 'hk2', 'mockito', 'guice', 'ninject', 'dagger']
['datalist', 'checkboxlist', 'radgrid', 'radiobuttonlist', 'formview', 'repeater', 'sqldatasource', 'detailsview']
['curses', 'pdcurses', 'ncurses', 'psutil', 'urwid']
['netrw', 'nerdtree', 'ctrlp']
['nsapplication', 'nsfilewrapper', 'nswindow', 'nsdocument']
['canvas', 'vml', 'svg']
['spring-integration', 'spring-websocket', 'quickfixj']
['aerospike', 'influxdb', 'arangodb', 'couchdb', 'rethinkdb']
['nstableview', 'nstextfield']
['mongoose', 'mongojs', 'mongoosastic']
['mvvmcross', 'catel', 'prism']
['open-session-in-view', 'chain-of-responsibility', 'post-redirect-get']
['todataurl', 'getimagedata', 'drawimage']
['hogan.js', 'handlebars.js']
['javapns', 'tweetsharp', 'mailkit', 'pushsharp']
['openwrt', 'busybox']
['parsec', 'compojure', 'enlive']
['maven-jar-plugin', 'maven-bundle-plugin', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'maven-ear-plugin']
['qitemdelegate', 'qtablewidget', 'qtreewidget', 'qcombobox', 'qtablewidgetitem']
['xmlrpclib', 'simplexmlrpcserver']
['gnupg', 'openssh']
['squeryl', 'datomic', 'korma']
['spring-data', 'openjpa', 'modeshape', 'jackrabbit']
['invalidoperationexception', 'argumentnullexception', 'indexoutofrangeexception', 'eofexception', 'objectdisposedexception']
['grib', 'tsv', 'gtfs']
['pdcurses', 'conio']
['fullscreen', 'background', 'foreground']
['scons', 'maven', 'ant', 'leiningen', 'sbt']
['giraph', 'apache-spark']
['libstdc++', 'libc++']
['.lib', 'dylib']
['zeromq', 'core.async', 'conduit']
['openam', 'opensso', 'shibboleth', 'jasig']
['qobject', 'qtimer', 'qthread']
['gephi', 'jung', 'rdflib', 'jgrapht', 'igraph', 'networkx']
['overriding', 'override']
['apache-poi', 'csvhelper', 'filehelpers', 'org.json', 'opencsv']
['freeradius', 'mysql-proxy']
['vlfeat', 'dlib', 'gsl', 'nlopt', 'caffe', 'pybrain', 'fann']
['sql-server', 'ms-access']
['tooltip', 'popover', 'popup']
['vbulletin', 'ipb', 'phpbb', 'mybb', 'bbpress', 'xenforo']
['wordpress', 'opencart', 'expressionengine', 'moodle']
['inlining', 'fold', 'folding']
['opensips', 'restcomm']
['web.py', 'mojolicious', 'catalyst', 'dancer']
['itunesconnect', 'testflight']
['swfobject', 'externalinterface']
['urwid', 'curses', 'glut', 'pdcurses', 'xlib', 'wxwidgets', 'glib', 'ncurses']
['virus', 'trojan']
['pymc3', 'statsmodels', 'pymc']
['folderbrowserdialog', 'openfiledialog', 'savefiledialog', 'printdialog']
['treetable', 'listgrid', 'treegrid']
['git-pull', 'git-commit', 'git-status']
['mezzanine', 'ipb', 'discourse']
['singleton', 'dao', 'decorator', 'facade']
['repeater', 'scriptmanager', 'updatepanel']
['cocoaasyncsocket', 'sshj', 'libssh', 'sharpssh']
['modelica', 'minizinc', 'ampl']
['getelementbyid', 'getelementsbytagname', 'queryselectorall', 'getelementsbyname', 'getelementsbyclassname']
['sakai', 'kentico', 'dotcms', 'dotnetnuke', 'magnolia', 'opencms']
['scrollmagic', 'caroufredsel', 'fullpage.js', 'wow.js', 'stellar.js', 'skrollr']
['netbsd', 'freebsd', 'openbsd', 'opensolaris', 'sunos']
['otool', 'nm', 'pkg-config', 'strace', 'ldd']
['nl2br', 'addslashes', 'htmlspecialchars']
['glkit', 'mkmapview', 'mapkit']
['handlebars.js', 'canjs', 'vue-router', 'reactjs', 'knockout.js', 'vue.js', 'riot.js']
['mysqldump', 'mysqlimport']
['uiapplication', 'openurl']
['nsorderedset', 'nsset']
['packets', 'frames']
['webix', 'jeasyui', 'shieldui', 'kendo-ui', 'jqwidget']
['solidworks', 'meshlab', 'sketchup']
['mkannotationview', 'mkoverlay']
['scribe', 'restlet', 'ksoap2', 'odata4j']
['avmutablecomposition', 'avassetreader', 'avurlasset', 'avassetwriter', 'avassetexportsession']
['nlme', 'lme4', 'gbm', 'glmnet']
['nsimageview', 'nscollectionview', 'nstabview', 'nssplitview']
['quicktime', 'vlc']
['twitter4j', 'twython', 'dotnetopenauth', 'python-twitter', 'tweetsharp']
['cloudfoundry', 'fabric8']
['karma-jasmine', 'cucumberjs', 'qunit', 'web-component-tester']
['cordova-plugin-file', 'cordova']
['rvalue-reference', 'implicit']
['uicollectionviewlayout', 'nsurlcache', 'nsurlprotocol']
['gnustep', 'rubinius', 'ironruby', 'macruby']
['webdeploy', 'testdriven.net', 'vsix', 'wspbuilder']
['armadillo', 'scip', 'gsl', 'glpk', 'cvxopt', 'nlopt']
['nativescript', 'onsen-ui', 'ionic-framework']
['predis', 'hiredis', 'phpredis']
['gensim', 'scikit-learn', 'fuzzywuzzy', 'nltk', 'textblob']
['metaclass', 'metatable']
['clob', 'varchar2']
['mod-rewrite', 'sef', 'realurl']
['toggleclass', 'addclass', 'removeclass']
['gitosis', 'visualsvn', 'gitolite']
['mailcore', 'system.net.mail', 'pushsharp', 'mailkit', 'mimekit']
['pywin32', 'comtypes', 'pyhook', 'pywinauto']
['statsmodels', 'pymc', 'pymc3']
['red-black-tree', 'linked-list', 'doubly-linked-list']
['tooltip', 'scrollbars', 'scrollbar']
['plupload', 'dropzone.js', 'jquery-file-upload']
['falcor', 'relayjs']
['tidesdk', 'xtify', 'trigger.io']
['ppm', 'jpeg2000', 'pgm']
['gnupg', 'pgp']
['ckrecord', 'cksubscription']
['webdeploy', 'msdeploy', 'vsix', 'slowcheetah']
['cvs', 'bazaar', 'perforce']
['pexpect', 'pyserial', 'paramiko']
['handlebars.js', 'template-engine']
['phasset', 'ckrecord']
['lemmatization', 'stop-words']
['httprequest', 'http-request', 'request']
['ormlite', 'querydsl', 'ebean', 'greendao']
['notsupportedexception', 'notimplementedexception']
['dbvisualizer', 'toad', 'heidisql', 'sqlyog']
['open-session-in-view', 'chain-of-responsibility']
['uialertviewdelegate', 'uisearchbardelegate']
['copy-constructor', 'noexcept']
['setinterval', 'settimeout', 'clearinterval']
['collectd', 'nagios']
['hql', 'gremlin', 'n1ql', 'jpql', 'aql', 'cypher']
['werkzeug', 'tornado', 'web.py', 'web2py', 'cherrypy']
['livescript', 'haxe', 'macruby', 'objective-j']
['libharu', 'reportlab', 'itextsharp', 'pdfsharp', 'mpdf', 'migradoc']
['os.walk', 'readdir', 'listdir']
['batterymanager', 'telephonymanager', 'powermanager']
['slidify', 'impress.js', 'reveal.js']
['rpgle', 'plsql', 'rexx', 'mql4', 'abap']
['qgraphicsscene', 'qgraphicsview', 'qgraphicsitem']
['icollectionview', 'collectionviewsource']
['zipalign', 'apktool']
['concrete5', 'pimcore', 'wagtail']
['quantreg', 'arules']
['ctrlp', 'nerdtree', 'netrw']
['solidworks', 'powerpoint']
['socialengine', 'userfrosting']
['swt', 'rcp']
['svn', 'rcs']
['radchart', 'radtreeview', 'pivotviewer']
['web-crawler', 'web-scraping']
['tooltip', 'datepicker']
['richfaces', 'openfaces', 'ajax4jsf', 'icefaces', 'struts2-jquery-plugin', 'primefaces-extensions']
['rfcomm', 'activesync']
['fgets', 'fscanf', 'getchar', 'readline']
['smslib', 'ksoap', 'pushsharp', 'ksoap2', 'javapns']
['selectable', 'searchable']
['chefspec', 'chef-solo', 'test-kitchen']
['nspopover', 'nssearchfield']
['skphysicsbody', 'sktexture']
['graphql', 'ecto', 'graphql-js']
['nstextfield', 'nsoutlineview', 'nscollectionview', 'nstableview']
['nsimage', 'nsbitmapimagerep', 'ciimage']
['websharper', 'xojo']
['ldd', 'nm', 'otool']
['antixsslibrary', 'code-contracts']
['dlsym', 'getprocaddress', 'dlopen']
['kmdf', 'wdm']
['mysqlimport', 'mysqldump']
['feedparser', 'bioperl']
['backgroundworker', 'qtimer', 'dispatchertimer']
['xhprof', 'opcache', 'xdebug']
['chef-solo', 'docker-compose', 'virtualbox', 'vagrant']
['tooltip', 'popup', 'popover']
['gql', 'yql']
['jprofiler', 'visualvm', 'yourkit']
['oracle10g', 'oracle12c']
['shiro', 'waffle']
['autoboxing', 'type-inference', 'type-erasure']
['datamapper', 'activerecord']
['rabbitmq', 'mirth']
['box2d', 'physijs']
['vlsi', 'bsp']
['indexoutofrangeexception', 'indexoutofboundsexception', 'overflowexception', 'eofexception', 'illegalargumentexception', 'inputmismatchexception']
['responsive', 'fluid']
['qcombobox', 'qtableview', 'qtreewidget', 'qlistwidget', 'qitemdelegate', 'qtreeview', 'qcompleter']
['knitr', 'rcharts', 'slidify']
['neo4j', 'ravendb', 'aerospike', 'couchdb', 'arangodb', 'rethinkdb', 'couchbase']
['bitstring', 'bitarray', 'bitset', 'bitvector']
['kineticjs', 'pixi.js', 'fabricjs', 'createjs', 'easeljs']
['phpquery', 'swiftmailer', 'htmlpurifier']
['qvector', 'qbytearray', 'qmap', 'tlist', 'qstring', 'qlist']
['gnutls', 'luasocket', 'pycrypto', 'libssh', 'libcurl', 'libssh2']
['dagger', 'roboguice', 'structuremap', 'hk2', 'ninject', 'guice']
['jetpack', 'chartboost', 'prime31']
['werkzeug', 'django', 'cherrypy', 'web.py', 'web2py', 'pyramid']
['hapijs', 'opencpu', 'deployd']
['jacoco', 'junit4', 'cobertura', 'nunit', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'junit', 'spock', 'testng']
['transpiler', 'babeljs', 'dart2js', 'traceur']
['pe', 'coff', 'elf']
['jcarousel', 'mixitup', 'quicksand']
['panning', 'pan', 'zoom']
['ydn-db', 'alasql']
['kaa', 'ambari', 'cloudhub', 'node-red']
['graphstream', 'jung', 'jgraph', 'draw2d']
['qtextbrowser', 'textctrl', 'qtextedit']
['mod-python', 'mod-perl']
['boyer-moore', 'a-star', 'rabin-karp']
['cvs', 'perforce', 'git']
['png', 'gif']
['ocaml', 'asm.js', 'halide']
['arrayfire', 'fftw', 'cgal', 'armadillo', 'opentk', 'scilab', 'eigen', 'mayavi', 'ilnumerics']
['rspec2', 'webrat', 'minitest', 'testunit']
['exponent', 'epsilon']
['epplus', 'docx4j', 'jxls', 'apache-poi']
['specs2', 'spock', 'junit4', 'scalatest', 'junit3']
['node-mongodb-native', 'pymssql', 'pymongo']
['ssms', 'dbvisualizer', 'sqlyog', 'heidisql', 'toad']
['ifconfig', 'nslookup']
['ggplot2', 'rcharts', 'seaborn']
['icpc', 'gfortran', 'icc']
['meanjs', 'kraken.js']
['mt4', 'metatrader4']
['openam', 'opensso', 'opendj']
['ember-simple-auth', 'flask-login']
['cql3', 'hector']
['opencv4android', 'dlib', 'opencv3.0']
['ultraedit', 'gedit', 'jedit', 'scite']
['levenberg-marquardt', 'gradient-descent']
['supertest', 'chai-as-promised']
['gridcontrol', 'radgridview', 'xtragrid', 'xamdatagrid']
['spring.net', 'ninject', 'structuremap']
['bloodhound', 'angular-ui', 'typeahead.js']
['phpredis', 'hiredis', 'predis']
['mailcore', 'mimekit', 'system.net.mail', 'pushsharp', 'mailkit']
['fltk', 'cgal', 'wxwidgets', 'gdcm', 'vtk']
['munin', 'splunk', 'cacti', 'ganglia', 'awstats']
['xtragrid', 'webdatagrid', 'gridcontrol', 'radgridview', 'gridex']
['mspec', 'swtbot', 'mbunit', 'xunit.net', 'ocunit', 'cppunit', 'flexunit']
['qtableview', 'qtablewidget', 'qtreewidget', 'qcheckbox', 'qlistwidget', 'qtreeview', 'qcombobox']
['ember.js', 'marionette']
['awt', 'wxpython', 'swt', 'swing']
['ios8', 'ios7', 'ios4', 'ios10', 'ios9']
['ios7', 'ios10', 'ios9', 'ios4', 'ios8']
['ios8', 'ios10', 'ios9', 'ios7', 'ios4']
['ios8', 'ios9', 'ios4', 'ios10', 'ios', 'ios7']
['zclip', 'createjs', 'plupload', 'video.js', 'jplayer', 'zeroclipboard']
['buddypress', 'vbulletin', 'jomsocial', 'xenforo', 'mybb', 'phpbb', 'bbpress']
['clone', 'copy']
['spring-websocket', 'spring-integration']
['cakephp', 'codeigniter', 'octobercms', 'yii2']
['rundeck', 'consul', 'marathon']
['vertica', 'voltdb', 'greenplum']
['subclipse', 'egit', 'mercurialeclipse']
['openam', 'pingfederate', 'opensso', 'shibboleth']
['qt-designer', 'wxwidgets', 'wxformbuilder']
['libavcodec', 'libavformat']
['xperf', 'perfmon']
['parsec', 'core.async', 'attoparsec', 'scalaz-stream']
['nsmutablearray', 'nsdecimalnumber', 'nsvalue', 'nsnumber']
['sqrt', 'pow']
['simplemodal', 'fancybox', 'thickbox', 'nyromodal', 'colorbox']
['tween.js', 'gsap', 'tweenlite']
['css', 'html']
['gitweb', 'satis']
['adal.js', 'ember-simple-auth', 'firebaseui']
['localization', 'globalization', 'internationalization']
['tlistview', 'clistctrl']
['armadillo', 'gsl', 'yaml-cpp', 'quantlib']
['uwp', 'silverlight']
['odeint', 'sympy', 'mpmath']
['nscalendar', 'nsdatecomponents']
['stata', 'scilab', 'spss']
['pushsharp', 'imageresizer', '51degrees']
['ofstream', 'istringstream']
['qabstractitemmodel', 'qabstracttablemodel', 'qitemdelegate']
['velocity.js', 'skrollr', 'fullpage.js', 'wow.js', 'stellar.js', 'gsap', 'scrollmagic']
['radgrid', 'detailsview', 'checkboxlist', 'datalist', 'webgrid']
['redactor', 'wysihtml5', 'nicedit', 'codemirror', 'textangular']
['graylog', 'syslog']
['opencms', 'mura', 'dotcms', 'dotnetnuke', 'magnolia']
['caanimation', 'cclayer', 'ccaction']
['grunt-contrib-watch', 'grunt-contrib-connect']
['hashchange', 'onbeforeunload']
['urllib', 'pyopenssl', 'pycurl']
['bundler', 'chef', 'rvm', 'capistrano']
['selecteditem', 'selectedindex']
['yii2', 'octobercms', 'extbase']
['argumentnullexception', 'indexoutofrangeexception', 'argumentexception', 'objectdisposedexception', 'illegalstateexception', 'invalidoperationexception']
['uiimage', 'qimage', 'bufferedimage']
['mapbox', 'mapsforge', 'nutiteq']
['kotlin', 'scala', 'typesafe']
['decltype', 'struct', 'extern', 'typedef']
['cppcheck', 'coverity']
['myisam', 'wiredtiger', 'innodb']
['2checkout', 'paypal', 'authorize.net']
['revit', 'visio', 'arcmap', 'catia']
['kineticjs', 'easeljs', 'snap.svg', 'pixi.js', 'fabricjs', 'konvajs']
['strace', 'netstat']
['casperjs', 'imacros']
['feeds', 'feed']
['handlebars.js', 'vue.js', 'knockout.js', 'canjs', 'ractivejs']
['bacon.js', 'core.async']
['mspec', 'mbunit', 'testdriven.net', 'specflow', 'nunit', 'scalatest', 'xunit.net']
['rspec2', 'capybara', 'minitest', 'webrat']
['tbxml', 'saxparser']
['coffeescript', 'jsx']
['zeromq', 'masstransit', 'netmq']
['xls', 'docx', 'odt', '.doc', 'rtf']
['cloudflare', 'cdn']
['libvpx', 'libx264']
['robotium', 'swtbot', 'selendroid', 'calabash', 'ranorex', 'calabash-ios', 'monkeytalk']
['premake', 'build-system']
['nstextfield', 'nsslider', 'nsdatepicker']
['jqwidget', 'jeasyui', 'jqxgrid', 'kendo-ui', 'shieldui', 'webix']
['opencms', 'dotcms', 'sakai']
['egit', 'mercurialeclipse', 'subclipse', 'mylyn']
['groovy', 'scala', 'c++', 'delphi', 'c#', 'java']
['postorder', 'preorder']
['cucumber', 'mocha', 'jasmine', 'capybara', 'minitest', 'rspec']
['cs-cart', 'shopify', 'zendesk', 'infusionsoft', 'bigcommerce']
['libc', 'newlib', 'glib', 'uclibc', 'glibc']
['jqxgrid', 'kendo-grid']
['bbpress', 'ipb', 'phpbb', 'xenforo', 'mybb', 'vbulletin']
['xmldocument', 'xmlnode']
['windbg', 'gdb', 'lldb']
['getline', 'sscanf', 'fseek', 'scanf', 'fread']
['sqlite-net', 'sqlite.net']
['nhibernate.search', 'lucene.net']
['word-vba', 'access-vba', 'outlook-vba']
['nwjs', 'node-webkit']
['popup', 'scrollbar', 'datepicker', 'popover', 'tooltip']
['geb', 'selenium2library', 'sikuli', 'splinter', 'robotframework']
['ng-include', 'ng-show', 'ng-switch']
['sourcetree', 'tortoisesvn']
['cocoapods', 'carthage']
['freemarker', 'scalate']
['qemu', 'hypervisor']
['nsdata', 'nsurl', 'nsstring']
['leaflet', 'cesium']
['signalr', 'xsockets.net']
['xmpp', 'sip']
['sessionid', 'sid']
['cos', 'sqrt', 'sin']
['silverlight', 'extjs', 'flex3', 'gwt', 'flex']
['asp.net', 'silverlight', '.net']
['bootstrap-datepicker', 'ng2-bootstrap', 'bootstrap-datetimepicker']
['messageformat', 'simpledateformat']
['ctypes', 'f2py']
['morphia', 'kundera']
['realurl', 'mod-rewrite', 'sef']
['freebase', 'musicbrainz', 'imdb']
['automake', 'qmake', 'ocamlbuild', 'bjam', 'autotools', 'scons']
['werkzeug', 'webapp2', 'tornado', 'cherrypy', 'web2py', 'web.py']
['atoi', 'atof', 'sscanf', 'strtol']
['getline', 'atoi', 'strdup', 'strcat', 'sscanf', 'scanf', 'strcmp', 'strtok']
['sourceforge', 'pypi']
['ironpython', 'cython', 'cpython', 'jython', 'pypy']
['multiplication', 'modulo']
['.lib', 'exe', 'dll']
['boxlayout', 'gridbaglayout', 'miglayout']
['wifi-direct', 'p2p']
['unmarshalling', 'marshalling', 'serialization', 'deserialization']
['qdockwidget', 'qtabbar']
['youtube', 'vimeo']
['mapnik', 'mapserver']
['cil', 'haxe', 'asm.js']
['uniqueidentifier', 'bigint']
['fputs', 'putchar', 'fscanf', 'fgetc', 'getchar', 'getc']
['enumset', 'enumeration']
['integration', 'automation']
['rythm', 'twirl']
['setattr', 'getattr', 'isinstance']
['angular-formly', 'angular-schema-form']
['jruby', 'ironpython', 'pypy', 'cpython', 'groovy', 'jython']
['wchar', 'wstring']
['greenplum', 'voltdb', 'kdb']
['shopify', 'squarespace', 'tumblr']
['httprequest', 'request', 'http-request']
['directoryentry', 'ldapconnection']
['arcpy', 'arcmap', 'arcgis']
['plivo', 'sabre']
['tlistview', 'tstringgrid', 'tdbgrid']
['gentoo', 'rhel', 'freebsd', 'fedora', 'ubuntu', 'debian']
['simplexmlrpcserver', 'xmlrpclib']
['jquery-validate', 'jquery-cookie', 'knockout-validation']
['rajawali', 'easeljs', 'assimp', 'babylonjs', 'pixi.js', 'xtk']
['gridview', 'listview']
['html5lib', 'libxml2', 'libxslt']
['robotframework', 'splinter']
['ransack', 'sunspot']
['episerver', 'reportbuilder', 'fastreport', 'activereports']
['rajawali', 'papervision3d', 'irrlicht', 'away3d']
['solaris', 'linux', 'unix']
['grep', 'uniq']
['rapidxml', 'pugixml', 'tinyxml']
['uefi', 'bare-metal']
['xcb', 'curses', 'glfw', 'glut', 'ncurses', 'xlib']
['fabric', 'gcloud']
['sdf', 'mdf']
['dax', 'fetchxml', 'mdx']
['sha1', 'md5']
['specflow', 'behat', 'mocha', 'rspec', 'jasmine', 'capybara', 'minitest', 'cucumber-jvm', 'cucumber']
['viewcontroller', 'xib']
['richfaces', 'vaadin', 'gxt', 'icefaces', 'smartgwt']
['rajawali', 'tizen', 'tango']
['opencv4android', 'openkinect']
['entity', 'object']
['formsets', 'formset']
['cancan', 'clearance']
['y-combinator', 'tail-recursion', 'tail-call-optimization']
['tabcontrol', 'flipview']
['qtnetwork', 'qt3d', 'qtserialport']
['plesk', 'virtualbox', 'bootcamp', 'parallels']
['bootstrapvalidator', 'knockout-validation', 'formvalidation.io', 'jquery-validate']
['gtkmm', 'wtl']
['code-completion', 'syntax-highlighting']
['nodevalue', 'innerhtml']
['porter-duff', 'blending']
['vimdiff', 'diff']
['authorize.net', 'paypal', 'payment', 'billing']
['winusb', 'twain']
['lzo', 'snappy']
['searchview', 'expandablelistview', 'autocompletetextview']
['rdp', 'telnet']
['pfx', 'pem', 'pkcs#12', 'jks']
['cappuccino', 'canjs', 'spine.js', 'javascriptmvc']
['documentum', 'netweaver', 'maximo']
['gz', 'gzip']
['setinterval', 'clearinterval', 'settimeout']
['squeak', 'visualworks']
['pandoc', 'xelatex']
['xdomainrequest', 'xmlhttprequest']
['uimanageddocument', 'nswindowcontroller', 'nspersistentdocument']
['jmockit', 'fakeiteasy', 'scalamock', 'moq', 'mockito', 'nsubstitute', 'powermock', 'easymock']
['c++builder', 'activereports', 'reportbuilder', 'fastreport']
['replacewith', 'appendto']
['real-mode', 'protected-mode']
['rsqlite', 'rgdal', 'rmysql']
['getdate', 'sysdate']
['ember-data', 'ember-cli']
['msbuild', 'powershell']
['uisearchbardelegate', 'uialertviewdelegate', 'mkmapviewdelegate']
['elastix', 'freeswitch', 'asterisk']
['jmockit', 'nsubstitute', 'xunit.net', 'easymock', 'rhino-mocks']
['scrypt', 'pbkdf2']
['traffic', 'packets']
['pull', 'push']
['spring-data', 'mongotemplate']
['trac', 'mantis', 'youtrack']
['scrollmagic', 'caroufredsel', 'skrollr', 'fullpage.js', 'wow.js', 'stellar.js']
['alamofire', 'asihttprequest', 'afnetworking', 'restkit']
['scite', 'ultraedit', 'gedit', 'textmate', 'bbedit']
['gprof', 'memcheck', 'callgrind']
['jplayer', 'createjs', 'vitamio', 'preloadjs', 'howler.js', 'video.js', 'soundjs']
['guice', 'structuremap', 'spring.net', 'ninject']
['phpdoc', 'asdoc']
['agal', 'hlsl', 'fragment-shader']
['tk', 'wxpython', 'ttk']
['korma', 'squeryl', 'voltdb', 'db4o', 'arangodb', 'rethinkdb', 'datomic']
['primefaces-extensions', 'flexmojos', 'struts2-jquery-plugin']
['gzipinputstream', 'binaryreader', 'gzipstream']
['haxeflixel', 'unity3d', 'cocos2d-js']
['ondraw', 'paintevent', 'onpaint']
['aspectj', 'postsharp']
['react-router-redux', 'react-router', 'iron-router']
['epplus', 'migradoc', 'pdfsharp', 'pdfbox', 'mpdf', 'itextsharp']
['cscore', 'aforge', 'directshow.net', 'naudio']
['flask-mongoengine', 'flask-sqlalchemy']
['begininvoke', 'invokerequired']
['scite', 'sublimetext', 'jedit', 'komodo']
['sling', 'blueprint']
['uialertview', 'uipopovercontroller']
['fpdf', 'fpdi', 'tcpdf']
['junit4', 'fixture', 'testcase']
['md5', 'salt']
['datetimeoffset', 'datetime']
['hmac', 'nonce']
['missingmethodexception', 'badimageformatexception', 'notsupportedexception', 'comexception', 'typeloadexception']
['slimdx', 'sharpgl', 'opentk']
['bufferedwriter', 'fileinputstream', 'printwriter', 'fileoutputstream', 'bufferedreader']
['leaflet', 'jvectormap', 'd3.js', 'datamaps']
['bitvector', 'bitarray', 'multimap', 'bitset']
['jcomponent', 'jtextcomponent']
['uri-scheme', 'url-scheme']
['slick2d', 'flixel', 'andengine', 'pixi.js', 'cocos2d-js', 'craftyjs']
['sine', 'cosine']
['spynner', 'www-mechanize']
['eventkit', 'xctest', 'callkit', 'researchkit']
['basecamp', 'zendesk', 'trello']
['calabash', 'appium', 'robotium', 'selendroid']
['uefi', 'virtual-machine']
['astyanax', 'pycassa']
['jasmine', 'protractor', 'qunit', 'cucumberjs']
['lldb', 'windbg', 'gdb']
['jslint', 'uglifyjs', 'jshint']
['jcarousel', 'supersized', 'anythingslider', 'caroufredsel']
['glibc', 'uclibc', 'newlib', 'libc']
['caroufredsel', 'jcarousel', 'owl-carousel']
['thickbox', 'simplemodal', 'jquery-ui-dialog']
['id3', 'jpeg2000', 'exif']
['mqtt', 'pubsubhubbub', 'ddp']
['content-length', 'content-disposition', 'content-type']
['dagger', 'robolectric', 'guice', 'hk2', 'roboguice']
['ncover', 'fxcop', 'opencover', 'ndepend']
['csharpcodeprovider', 'dynamicmethod']
['uicollectionview', 'uipopovercontroller', 'uipageviewcontroller', 'uitableview', 'uitextview', 'uiwebview']
['s3cmd', 'distcp']
['solidworks', 'fireworks', 'coreldraw']
['jena', 'apache-jena']
['parquet', 'hdf5', 'fastq', 'orc']
['botan', 'libcrypto', 'm2crypto', 'libssh2', 'libssh', 'gnutls']
['javapns', 'rxtx', 'pysnmp', 'smslib', 'snmp4j']
['c++builder', 'mfc', 'uwp', 'firemonkey']
['plyr', 'stringr', 'tidyr', 'lubridate', 'readr', 'stringi', 'dplyr', 'reshape2']
['org-babel', 'org-mode']
['elementtree', 'lxml.html', 'xml.etree']
['emacs', 'macvim', 'gedit', 'notepad++', 'textmate', 'vim']
['debian', 'freebsd', 'rhel']
['jtwitter', 'twitter4j', 'python-twitter', 'rauth', 'signpost']
['qtwebkit', 'webkit']
['fluentvalidation', 'jquery-validate', 'formvalidation.io', 'livevalidation', 'bootstrapvalidator', 'parsley.js']
['fpc', 'freepascal']
['optparse', 'pexpect', 'configparser', 'argparse']
['audiorecord', 'audiotrack', 'mediarecorder', 'netstream']
['epplus', 'netoffice']
['wiimote', 'gamepad']
['xtend', 'mvel']
['lcov', 'callgrind', 'gprof', 'cppcheck', 'gcov']
['cxf-codegen-plugin', 'maven-bundle-plugin', 'maven-javadoc-plugin', 'maven-jaxb2-plugin']
['twitter4j', 'opensaml', 'signpost', 'odata4j', 'lightopenid', 'scribe']
['filepicker.io', 'scribd']
['rdp', 'ftp']
['showcaseview', 'nineoldandroids']
['jpql', 'jcr-sql2', 'gql', 'jdoql']
['maven-compiler-plugin', 'maven-site-plugin']
['wtforms', 'django-forms']
['pyscripter', 'macvim', 'scite', 'eclim', 'sublimetext', 'sublimetext2']
['kohana', 'pyrocms', 'silverstripe']
['qlist', 'qbytearray', 'qmap', 'qvector']
['nsdecimalnumber', 'nsnumber', 'nsvalue']
['buttonclick', 'form-submit']
['utf-16', 'shift-jis', 'utf-32']
['spyne', 'suds', 'axis2', 'libwebsockets', 'gsoap']
['keystore', 'keychain']
['yammer', 'disqus']
['testflight', 'itunesconnect']
['vbulletin', 'ipb', 'bbpress', 'xenforo', 'phpbb', 'mybb']
['ti-basic', 'qbasic']
['xquery', 'xsl-fo', 'xslt']
['gensim', 'gbm', 'glmnet', 'pybrain', 'scikit-learn', 'xgboost']
['hornetq', 'openmq']
['phpunit', 'behat', 'codeception', 'mink']
['typhoeus', 'faraday']
['ng2-bootstrap', 'angular-ui']
['devforce', 'xpo', 'xaf']
['background-image', 'box-shadow', 'clip-path']
['qcombobox', 'qabstracttablemodel', 'qtablewidget', 'qtreewidget', 'qlistwidget', 'qtreeview', 'qtableview']
['concrete5', 'socialengine', 'wagtail', 'pimcore']
['junit4', 'nosetests', 'swtbot', 'pyunit']
['callstack', 'stack']
['prestashop', 'whmcs']
['jcheckbox', 'jpopupmenu', 'jmenubar', 'jradiobutton', 'jmenuitem']
['gd', 'gdlib']
['breeze', 'koa', 'falcor']
['getattr', 'setattr']
['iterable', 'enumerable']
['scrollmagic', 'skrollr', 'fullpage.js', 'wow.js', 'stellar.js', 'smoothstate.js']
['caroufredsel', 'scrollmagic', 'skrollr', 'mmenu', 'stellar.js', 'fullpage.js']
['htmlunit', 'goutte']
['conda', 'anaconda', 'virtualenv']
['htmlcleaner', 'tbxml', 'hpple']
['snap.svg', 'velocity.js', 'tweenlite', 'pixi.js', 'gsap', 'svg.js', 'tween.js']
['saiku', 'kettle', 'pentaho']
['uicolor', 'nscolor']
['atof', 'strtol', 'sscanf', 'strtok', 'strcmp', 'atoi']
['atoi', 'strtol', 'atof']
['rabbitmqctl', 'nodetool']
['jasypt', 'jce']
['mechanize', 'lxml', 'beautifulsoup', 'scrapy']
['dbvisualizer', 'sqlyog', 'toad', 'heidisql']
['catel', 'spring4d']
['querypath', 'lxml.html', 'phpquery']
['odt', 'ods']
['docx', 'xlsx', 'xls', 'odt']
['bugsense', 'odk']
['jointjs', 'rickshaw', 'jung', 'cytoscape.js', 'd3.js', 'sigma.js', 'gojs']
['canvg', 'geoxml3']
['debian', 'linux', 'opensuse', 'fedora', 'ubuntu']
['pubmed', 'freebase', 'imdb', 'geonames', 'musicbrainz']
['telnet', 'rdp']
['safari', 'firefox']
['rar', 'zip']
['team', 'devops']
['wsdl.exe', 'sqlmetal']
['scaladoc', 'javadoc']
['ajp', 'net.tcp', 'httplistener', 'http.sys']
['qtwebengine', 'qtwebkit']
['pyrocms', 'silverstripe', 'octobercms', 'phpbb', 'elgg']
['directadmin', 'cpanel']
['eclipse-plugin', 'onejar', 'uberjar']
['eigen', 'cufft', 'cublas', 'thrust']
['mailcore2', 'jsqmessagesviewcontroller']
['mongoskin', 'mgo', 'mongodb-csharp', 'node-mongodb-native']
['memmove', 'strcpy', 'strncpy', 'memcpy']
['picasso', 'fresco', 'asihttprequest', 'afnetworking', 'sdwebimage']
['testcomplete', 'sahi', 'loadrunner', 'ranorex', 'qtp']
['mechanize', 'python-requests', 'pyquery', 'robobrowser']
['morris.js', 'chart.js', 'flot', 'highstock', 'highcharts', 'jqplot']
['icomparer', 'iequalitycomparer']
['macvim', 'aquamacs']
['gatling', 'jmeter-maven-plugin']
['tag-it', 'timeago']
['spring-data-solr', 'odata4j', 'dotcmis']
['junit4', 'fakeiteasy', 'scalamock', 'rest-assured', 'easymock', 'spock', 'mockito', 'powermock', 'jmockit']
['prolog', 'datalog']
['lan', 'intranet']
['libxslt', 'html5lib', 'yaml-cpp', 'lxml', 'libxml2']
['scrollmagic', 'tween.js', 'velocity.js', 'tweenlite', 'wow.js', 'gsap']
['uigesturerecognizer', 'cclayer', 'uicontrol', 'ccmenuitem']
['lucene.net', 'nhibernate.search']
['gulp-sourcemaps', 'gulp-sass', 'grunt-contrib-watch', 'gulp-less']
['libx264', 'libvpx']
['phpunit', 'behat', 'mink', 'minitest', 'codeception']
['ggplot2', 'lattice']
['css', 'css3']
['syntastic', 'youcompleteme']
['ebean', 'salat', 'kundera', 'morphia']
['away3d', 'chipmunk', 'ogre', 'irrlicht']
['avassetwriter', 'avcapturesession']
['screwturn', 'pyrocms', 'mediawiki', 'phpbb', 'dokuwiki']
['tornado', 'eventmachine', 'eventlet', 'gevent']
['couchdb', 'aerospike', 'arangodb', 'marklogic']
['bitbake', 'openembedded']
['ant', 'leiningen', 'sbt', 'maven']
['prawn', 'prawnto', 'wicked-pdf']
['padrino', 'merb']
['famo.us', 'box2d', 'pixi.js', 'tween.js', 'snap.svg', 'physicsjs']
['vitamio', 'qtkit', 'stagefright']
['orika', 'structuremap', 'modelmapper', 'dozer', 'nhibernate', 'automapper']
['cmusphinx', 'openears']
['getline', 'atoi', 'scanf', 'textscan', 'strtol', 'strtok', 'sscanf']
['cocoaasyncsocket', 'gcdasyncsocket']
['xlwings', 'win32com']
['xmldataprovider', 'objectdataprovider']
['pydev', 'sublimelinter', 'sublimerepl']
['pyautogui', 'easygui']
['boxlayout', 'cardlayout', 'miglayout', 'gridbaglayout']
['tipsy', 'jquery-ui', 'quicksand', 'jqtransform']
['owncloud', 'deployd', 'h2o', 'opencpu']
['miglayout', 'gridbaglayout', 'boxlayout', 'cardlayout']
['getc', 'putchar', 'fgets', 'fscanf', 'fgetc', 'getchar']
['xamarin.ios', 'catel', 'prism', 'mvvmcross']
['genshi', 'jinja', 'mako', 'chameleon']
['subnet', 'vpn', 'wlan', 'lan']
['winjs', 'silverlight', 'uwp']
['cpack', 'bjam', 'ocamlbuild', 'leiningen', 'scons', 'autotools', 'rebar']
['pingfederate', 'opensso', 'shibboleth', 'openam']
['node-webkit', 'nwjs']
['resteasy', 'tyrus']
['delphi', 'c++', 'fortran', 'pascal']
['liblinear', 'armadillo', 'dlib', 'libsvm', 'vlfeat']
['openframeworks', 'fltk', 'juce']
['zendesk', 'basecamp']
['jmp', 'shellcode']
['gedit', 'ctags', 'exuberant-ctags']
['ui.bootstrap', 'ngsanitize', 'ngroute']
['dhcp', 'ntp']
['armadillo', 'botan', 'gmp', 'mpfr', 'ntl']
['uglifyjs', 'jshint', 'jslint']
['profiling', 'benchmarking']
['memmove', 'strcpy', 'memcpy', 'strncpy']
['fadein', 'addclass', 'toggleclass', 'fadeout', 'slidetoggle']
['lettuce', 'xctest', 'kif', 'ocunit', 'kiwi']
['reverse-engineering', 'decompiling']
['etsy', 'ebay']
['iron-router', 'iron']
['spock', 'rest-assured', 'mockmvc']
['messagebox', 'alert', 'toast']
['uinavigationbar', 'uitoolbar']
['winston', 'log4r', 'bunyan']
['tapply', 'mapply', 'lapply']
['youcompleteme', 'clang-complete']
['satchmo', 'mezzanine', 'django-oscar', 'pinax']
['twitter-bootstrap', 'glyphicons']
['webviewclient', 'webchromeclient']
['elasticsearch-py', 'solrnet', 'solrj']
['xperf', 'systrace']
['pfquery', 'gkturnbasedmatch']
['gradle-experimental', 'robolectric-gradle-plugin']
['netty', 'nio']
['freebsd', 'rhel', 'linux', 'fedora', 'sunos', 'solaris']
['blender', '3ds', '3dsmax', 'maya']
['aquery', 'fresco', 'sdwebimage', 'picasso']
['geocode', 'geocoding']
['lex', 'ply']
['nlme', 'lme4', 'glmnet', 'plm']
['ocaml', 'scala', 'sml', 'rust', 'prolog', 'f#', 'racket', 'idris', 'haskell']
['gwt-platform', 'errai', 'gwtp']
['decompression', 'compression']
['querydsl', 'mybatis', 'ibatis', 'jdbi']
['metatrader4', 'mt4']
['angular2', 'vue.js', 'ember.js', 'reactjs', 'aurelia']
['7zip', 'winrar', 'iexpress']
['psycopg2', 'sqlalchemy']
['caroufredsel', 'scrollspy', 'skrollr', 'fullpage.js', 'superfish', 'mmenu']
['gitblit', 'archiva']
['ingres', 'vertica', 'unidata']
['ng-hide', 'ng-animate']
['datejs', 'bootstrap-datetimepicker', 'momentjs']
['pybrain', 'weka', 'libsvm', 'gensim', 'mallet']
['mpmediaquery', 'mpmediaitemcollection', 'mpmediaitem']
['formidable', 'restify', 'busboy']
['datalist', 'detailsview', 'xamdatagrid', 'gridcontrol', 'webgrid', 'xtragrid', 'radgridview', 'formview', 'radgrid']
['qgridlayout', 'qgraphicsview', 'qdockwidget', 'qscrollarea']
['behat', 'mink', 'mocha', 'rspec', 'codeception', 'phpunit']
['cgrect', 'cllocation', 'cgpoint']
['praw', 'feedparser', 'pyquery', 'scraperwiki']
['ksh', 'awk', 'nawk', 'sed', 'gawk']
['sinon', 'bluebird', 'chai', 'leadfoot']
['ssl', 'http', 'https']
['directshow.net', 'accord.net', 'gpuimage', 'naudio', 'emgucv', 'aforge']
['dtls', 'coap', 'spdy', 'http2']
['rickshaw', 'morris.js', 'canvasjs', 'c3.js', 'graphael', 'nvd3.js', 'rgraph']
['mockery', 'chai', 'nock', 'sinon']
['xmlnode', 'xmldocument']
['ios9.2', 'ios9.1', 'ios10', 'ios8.1']
['maven-ear-plugin', 'maven-bundle-plugin', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'maven-jar-plugin']
['rgdal', 'rjsonio', 'readr', 'xlconnect']
['angular2', 'vue.js', 'angularjs', 'aurelia', 'reactjs', 'ember.js']
['flow-control', 'error-handling']
['buddypress', 'bbpress', 'multisite']
['pywin32', 'win32gui', 'pywinauto', 'comtypes', 'psutil', 'pyhook']
['wx', 'pyglet', 'glut', 'cairo']
['dompdf', 'jspdf', 'html2canvas', 'pdfjs']
['nsobject', 'nsmanagedobject']
['parseint', 'parsefloat']
['playframework', 'beego', 'spark-java']
['opencms', 'mura', 'magnolia', 'dotcms']
['collapsingtoolbarlayout', 'cardview']
['redirecttoaction', 'response.redirect']
['maximo', 'documentum', 'netweaver', 'wcs']
['patch', 'hotfix']
['literate-programming', 'process-management']
['robotium', 'nosetests', 'uiautomator', 'sikuli', 'monkeyrunner']
['background-color', 'clip-path', 'box-shadow']
['reverse-engineering', 'decompiling', 'obfuscation', 'deobfuscation']
['activerecord', 'datamapper']
['casbah', 'anorm']
['flexjson', 'aeson', 'salat', 'argonaut']
['varnish', 'cdn', 'cloudflare']
['mediawiki', 'frontpage']
['uipopovercontroller', 'mpvolumeview']
['react-router-redux', 'redux-saga', 'mobx', 'refluxjs']
['vbulletin', 'silverstripe', 'impresspages']
['libavformat', 'libavcodec']
['icalendar', 'rrule']
['nsxmlparser', 'nsregularexpression', 'stringtokenizer', 'nsjsonserialization', 'nsnumberformatter', 'nsscanner']
['triplestore', 'tdb']
['struts2', 'tiles2', 'struts1']
['struts1', 'spring', 'thymeleaf', 'jsf', 'wicket', 'struts2']
['zendesk', 'infusionsoft', 'exacttarget']
['ws-security', 'wsse']
['rgdal', 'ggmap', 'rworldmap']
['hapijs', 'deployd', 'feathersjs']
['chai', 'sinon', 'qunit', 'should.js']
['datagridtemplatecolumn', 'datagridcomboboxcolumn']
['crosstab', 'pivot-table']
['leaflet', 'nutiteq', 'mapsforge', 'mapbox']
['agal', 'glsl', 'hlsl']
['facade', 'mediator']
['authentication', 'authorization']
['imageview', 'spinner', 'textview']
['glx', 'egl']
['qtcpserver', 'qnetworkreply', 'qnetworkaccessmanager']
['checkstyle', 'teamcity', 'sonarqube']
['plyr', 'rsqlite', 'reshape2', 'rmysql', 'sqldf']
['urllib2', 'httplib']
['listpreference', 'preferenceactivity']
['opam', 'hiera', 'augeas']
['gulp-sass', 'gulp-concat', 'gulp-uglify', 'gulp-sourcemaps']
['rxtx', 'kryonet', 'usb4java', 'jssc']
['froala', 'codemirror', 'redactor', 'nicedit', 'wysihtml5']
['ios9.1', 'ios-simulator']
['nette', 'fuelphp', 'coldbox', 'lithium', 'cfwheels']
['ebean', 'jdbi', 'kundera', 'javers']
['devextreme', 'phonejs']
['tsd', 'npm', 'jspm', 'gulp', 'bower']
['localization', 'compilation', 'transliteration', 'translation']
['valarray', 'std']
['pojo', 'dto']
['iostream', 'eigen', 'stl']
['opencv4android', 'accord.net', 'aforge', 'openimaj']
['httplib', 'pexpect', 'win32com', 'imaplib', 'nodemailer', 'smtplib']
['glfw', 'wxwidgets', 'sdl', 'xlib', 'glut']
['javapns', 'odata4j', 'ksoap2', 'ksoap']
['freebsd', 'debian', 'solaris', 'osx', 'ubuntu', 'unix', 'linux']
['cgrect', 'cgsize']
['systemc', 'opam', 'gnuradio']
['gnutls', 'libjpeg', 'libtorrent', 'libssh2', 'libssh', 'openssl', 'libcurl']
['bubble-sort', 'heapsort', 'radix-sort']
['syntastic', 'nppexec']
['cin', 'cout']
['netlink', 'procfs']
['ebean', 'simple.data', 'greendao', 'nhibernate', 'ormlite']
['leaflet', 'jvectormap', 'imagemapster', 'leaflet.draw']
['finalizer', 'finalize']
['smooks', 'xjc', 'xstream', 'jibx']
['varnish', 'nginx']
['strpos', 'strcmp', 'strstr']
['formset', 'formsets']
['id3v2', 'id3']
['tornado', 'cherrypy', 'web.py', 'gevent', 'werkzeug']
['.lib', 'dylib', '.so']
['midl', 'idl']
['typeloadexception', 'notsupportedexception', 'targetinvocationexception', 'comexception']
['gflags', 'callgrind', 'xperf']
['openjpa', 'aries']
['pandoc', 'redcarpet', 'kramdown']
['mhtml', 'odt', 'xlsx', 'xls', 'fdf']
['wgs84', 'utm']
['myeclipse', 'fdt']
['spring-ldap', 'neo4j-ogm', 'neo4j-spatial']
['qscrollarea', 'qdockwidget', 'qgridlayout']
['sharpdx', 'monogame']
['vimeo', 'youtube']
['html2pdf', 'evopdf', 'princexml', 'winnovative']
['gson', 'jackson', 'json.net']
['uicollectionviewlayout', 'uicollectionreusableview', 'uistoryboardsegue']
['hdfs', 'hive']
['leaflet', 'mapsforge', 'mapbox-gl-js']
['haxeflixel', 'slick2d', 'andengine', 'jmonkeyengine', 'cocos2d-js', 'libgdx', 'playn']
['excel-vba', 'vbscript', 'vb.net', 'vba']
['mesh', 'vbo']
['python-module', 'perl-module']
['ontouch', 'ondraw', 'ontouchevent']
['dependency-injection', 'castle-windsor']
['qmainwindow', 'qtcpserver', 'qthread', 'qgraphicsitem', 'qobject']
['savon', 'rest-client']
['jasmine', 'chai', 'protractor', 'mocha', 'qunit']
['jmockit', 'robolectric', 'hamcrest', 'mockito', 'easymock', 'powermock']
['morphia', 'salat']
['diazo', 'theming']
['4gl', 'progress-4gl']
['supersized', 'jcarousel', 'photoswipe', 'anythingslider', 'fotorama', 'galleria']
['momentjs', 'nodatime']
['hoverintent', 'fullpage.js', 'slimscroll', 'skrollr', 'mmenu', 'scrollspy']
['tweetsharp', 'sttwitter', 'endpoints-proto-datastore']
['gitolite', 'gitosis']
['treeviewitem', 'controltemplate', 'listboxitem']
['zigbee', 'openflow']
['nsscanner', 'nsjsonserialization', 'nspredicate', 'nsregularexpression']
['transpiler', 'traceur', 'babeljs']
['jqwidget', 'dhtmlx', 'shieldui', 'jeasyui', 'jqxwidgets']
['python-3.4', 'python-3.5']
['pypdf', 'poppler', 'reportlab', 'pisa', 'python-docx', 'pdfminer']
['parallels', 'bootcamp']
['wdm', 'ndis']
['infinispan', 'jgroups', 'hazelcast', 'terracotta']
['lapply', 'tapply', 'mapply']
['bootstrap-multiselect', 'select-menu']
['greenplum', 'voltdb', 'db2', 'vertica']
['swt', 'swing', 'awt']
['collectd', 'statsd', 'bosun']
['inotifycollectionchanged', 'collectionviewsource', 'icollectionview']
['ksh', 'gawk', 'bash', 'sed', 'nawk', 'awk']
['hpple', 'tbxml']
['union', 'unions']
['mongoskin', 'node-mongodb-native', 'pymongo', 'mgo']
['strstr', 'strpos']
['dompdf', 'itextsharp', 'evopdf', 'pdfsharp', 'html2pdf', 'mpdf', 'rotativa']
['stm32', 'atmega16']
['nsopenpanel', 'nspredicate', 'nsmetadataquery']
['geb', 'jmockit', 'specs2', 'cucumber-jvm', 'scalatest', 'spock', 'easymock', 'rest-assured']
['nskeyedunarchiver', 'nskeyedarchiver']
['cappuccino', 'javascriptmvc', 'graniteds', 'robotlegs', 'puremvc']
['dot-product', 'cosine-similarity']
['spring-data-jpa', 'spring-security', 'spring-data-mongodb', 'spring-security-oauth2']
['spss', 'stata']
['opam', 'virtualenv', 'conda']
['fancybox', 'simplemodal', 'colorbox', 'nyromodal', 'thickbox']
['vsvim', 'vimperator']
['discretization', 'binning']
['letter-spacing', 'word-break']
['qgridlayout', 'qcombobox', 'qtableview', 'qtablewidget', 'qlistwidget', 'qtreeview', 'qtreewidget']
['radchart', 'xamdatagrid', 'radgridview', 'webdatagrid']
['qmainwindow', 'qcheckbox', 'qpushbutton']
['couchbase', 'db4o', 'arangodb', 'rethinkdb', 'couchdb', 'ravendb']
['pydev', 'nodeclipse']
['plpgsql', 'sqlclr', 'abap', 'plsql']
['nvl', 'sql-function']
['dateadd', 'getdate', 'datepart']
['minifilter', 'kernel-mode']
['refinerycms', 'django-grappelli']
['zombie.js', 'mocha-phantomjs', 'karma-jasmine', 'dalekjs']
['scriptella', 'pentaho', 'kettle']
['background-image', 'box-shadow', 'background-color']
['lme4', 'glmnet', 'mgcv', 'nlme']
['memmove', 'memcpy', 'strncpy', 'strcpy']
['smartgit', 'git-tower']
['gwtp', 'errai', 'gwt-platform']
['ucanaccess', 'mongo-java-driver', 'jtds', 'jaybird']
['omniauth', 'cancan', 'fosuserbundle', 'devise']
['lithium', 'geddy', 'compoundjs', 'towerjs']
['vitamio', 'soundjs', 'naudio', 'howler.js']
['whoosh', 'sphinx']
['gpgme', 'm2crypto', 'libssh2', 'pycrypto']
['priority-queue', 'sparse-matrix']
['hibernate3', 'appfuse', 'spring-roo']
['getdate', 'datepart', 'dateadd']
['updating', 'updates']
['fdt', 'openlaszlo']
['geb', 'junit4', 'munit', 'cucumber-jvm', 'robotium', 'junit', 'swtbot']
['flowlayoutpanel', 'groupbox', 'splitcontainer']
['armadillo', 'liblinear', 'jama']
['flask-security', 'flask-admin']
['treeviewitem', 'menuitem', 'listitem', 'treenode']
['execute', 'call']
['indexoutofrangeexception', 'invocationtargetexception', 'overflowexception']
['dlopen', 'getprocaddress', 'dlsym']
['scala.js', 'emscripten', 'ghcjs']
['aforge', 'bass', 'howler.js', 'minim']
['graphhopper', 'nutiteq', 'mapsforge']
['queue', 'nonblocking', 'fifo']
['fluid', 'responsive']
['qmainwindow', 'qmessagebox', 'jdialog', 'qdockwidget', 'qdialog']
['rtmfp', 'mqtt', 'ddp', 'pubsubhubbub']
['codedom', 'mono.cecil']
['fileobserver', 'filesystemwatcher']
['enyo', 'tidesdk', 'qooxdoo', 'cappuccino', 'monomac', 'sparkle']
['xdebug', 'xhprof']
['messagepack', 'msgpack', 'flatbuffers']
['nstextfield', 'nsslider', 'nstokenfield']
['iso-8859-1', 'windows-1252', 'cp1252']
['opensaml', 'jasypt', 'spring-ldap', 'esapi']
['strstr', 'qsort', 'strcmp', 'memcmp']
['qcombobox', 'qtableview', 'qtablewidget', 'qtreewidget', 'qabstractitemmodel', 'qlistwidget', 'qfilesystemmodel', 'qtreeview']
['gstat', 'xlconnect', 'rgdal']
['sbt-assembly', 'ivyde', 'maven-shade-plugin', 'aether']
['profiling', 'analysis']
['jqueryform', 'tag-it', 'struts2-jquery']
['omniauth', 'devise', 'cancan']
['ncrunch', 'mbunit', 'testdriven.net', 'dotcover', 'opencover', 'ncover']
['selectedindex', 'selecteditem']
['uistackview', 'autolayout']
['rect', 'cgsize', 'cgpoint', 'cgrect']
['tethering', 'wifi-direct']
['away3d', 'rajawali', 'irrlicht', 'flixel', 'papervision3d']
['osmf', 'video.js', 'vitamio']
['silverstripe', 'smarty', 'pyrocms', 'templavoila']
['kohana', 'cakephp', 'yii2', 'codeigniter']
['geocoding', 'geocode']
['vala', 'haxe']
['onchange', 'keyup', 'onkeyup', 'onfocus', 'onblur']
['egl', 'glx']
['log4net', 'log4php', 'nlog']
['miglayout', 'gridbaglayout', 'boxlayout']
['afnetworking', 'sdwebimage', 'alamofire', 'mknetworkkit', 'asihttprequest']
['vpython', 'psychopy']
['foreground', 'background']
['htmlcleaner', 'jtidy']
['avurlasset', 'avassetexportsession', 'avassetwriter', 'avassetreader']
['surf', 'sift']
['mono.cecil', 'system.reflection', 'codedom']
['coverage.py', 'ncrunch', 'testdriven.net', 'ncover', 'opencover', 'eclemma', 'dotcover']
['youcompleteme', 'sublimelinter', 'syntastic']
['flexmojos', 'buildr']
['vxml', 'voicexml']
['microstrategy', 'spagobi', 'pentaho', 'saiku']
['getelementsbyclassname', 'getelementbyid', 'getelementsbytagname', 'getelementsbyname', 'queryselectorall']
['test-kitchen', 'chef', 'chef-solo']
['shiro', 'wicket', 'sling']
['epplus', 'opencsv', 'filehelpers', 'csvhelper']
['imagemagick', 'pdftk', 'ghostscript']
['staruml', 'visio', 'dia']
['scrollmagic', 'snap.svg', 'skrollr', 'wow.js', 'tween.js', 'gsap', 'velocity.js']
['folder', 'directory', 'dir']
['unrealscript', 'haxe', 'jscript.net', 'unityscript']
['xcode4', 'xcode4.6']
['nyromodal', 'childbrowser']
['tcpdf', 'fpdi', 'fpdf']
['fpdf', 'tcpdf', 'fpdi']
['gephi', 'mayavi', 'tensorflow', 'tensorboard']
['spring-security', 'jdbcrealm']
['gprof', 'perfmon', 'perf']
['ng-switch', 'ng-hide', 'ng-style', 'ng-show']
['ormlite', 'sqlite-net', 'afnetworking', 'greendao', 'fmdb']
['theano', 'caffe', 'xgboost', 'lasagne', 'scikit-learn', 'tensorflow']
['plotrix', 'quantreg', 'kernlab']
['swc', 'fla']
['createobject', 'activexobject']
['hapijs', 'compoundjs', 'locomotivejs']
['bootstrap-datetimepicker', 'bootstrap-datepicker']
['pyglet', 'livewires']
['extjs3', 'flex3']
['instrumentation', 'benchmarking', 'debugging', 'profiling']
['smarty2', 'smarty3']
['apl', 'brainfuck', 'qbasic', 'ti-basic']
['sparkr', 'incanter', 'pandas', 'pytables', 'dask']
['flyway', 'hazelcast', 'symmetricds']
['robobrowser', 'splinter', 'beautifulsoup', 'mechanize']
['preferenceactivity', 'listpreference']
['ag-grid', 'tablesorter', 'footable']
['liblinear', 'gensim', 'caffe', 'weka', 'xgboost', 'scikit-learn', 'libsvm']
['jqwidget', 'webix', 'dhtmlx', 'shieldui', 'kendo-ui']
['ckeditor', 'fckeditor', 'codemirror', 'froala', 'wysihtml5', 'nicedit', 'redactor']
['nswindow', 'nsstatusitem', 'nspanel']
['radtreeview', 'webdatagrid', 'radchart']
['maskedtextbox', 'numericupdown']
['armadillo', 'arrayfire', 'fftw', 'repa']
['throw', 'yield']
['reveal.js', 'velocity.js', 'impress.js']
['postorder', 'preorder', 'inorder']
['ssms', 'phpmyadmin']
['powermanager', 'telephonymanager', 'batterymanager']
['bugsense', 'leakcanary', 'acra']
['pfquery', 'pfrelation']
['perfmon', 'jprofiler', 'instruments', 'visualvm', 'yourkit', 'profiler']
['python-twitter', 'xmpppy']
['try-finally', 'try-with-resources']
['ingres', 'firebird', 'interbase']
['panning', 'zoom', 'gesture', 'pan']
['regasm', 'gacutil']
['bootstrap-datepicker', 'bootstrap-datetimepicker', 'jquery-ui-datepicker']
['dom4j', 'xstream', 'jdom']
['jmockit', 'nsubstitute', 'autofixture', 'powermock', 'mockito', 'fakeiteasy', 'easymock', 'moq']
['stringstream', 'qfile', 'fstream', 'ifstream']
['cashapelayer', 'uivisualeffectview', 'cagradientlayer']
['win32com', 'pyautogui', 'xlsxwriter', 'xlwings']
['netbsd', 'xnu']
['slimdx', 'unity3d', 'opentk', 'xna']
['libsndfile', 'taglib-sharp']
['css', 'styling']
['jpql', 'hql', 'esql']
['reportlab', 'pisa', 'prawnto', 'dompdf', 'mpdf', 'prawn']
['deterministic', 'non-deterministic']
['winnovative', 'html2pdf', 'pisa', 'pdftk', 'princexml']
['html5lib', 'xml.etree', 'lxml.html', 'pyquery']
['dylib', '.so', '.lib']
['parcelable', 'jsonobject', 'parcel']
['nsstring', 'nsmanagedobject', 'uicontrol', 'nsobject']
['object-reference', 'object-type']
['union', 'unique', 'distinct']
['textscan', 'genfromtxt']
['concurrenthashmap', 'weakhashmap']
['changelistener', 'actionlistener']
['fdt', 'jde']
['richfaces', 'icefaces', 'tomahawk', 'ajax4jsf', 'primefaces', 'openfaces']
['strcmp', 'atoi', 'strstr', 'strtok', 'strcat', 'strlen']
['tsv', 'xlsx', 'xls', 'csv']
['styling', 'css3', 'css']
['caroufredsel', 'jcarousel', 'hoverintent', 'anythingslider', 'tinyscrollbar', 'jcarousellite']
['onpause', 'onresume']
['slimscroll', 'scrollto']
['slimdx', 'opentk', 'sharpgl']
['logstash', 'splunk', 'graylog2']
['sqlite3-ruby', 'bcrypt-ruby']
['infinispan', 'terracotta', 'jgroups', 'hazelcast']
['concrete5', 'kentico', 'umbraco', 'dotnetnuke']
['maven-jaxb2-plugin', 'wsdl2java', 'cxf-codegen-plugin']
['gridextra', 'gtable']
['typeloadexception', 'notimplementedexception', 'comexception', 'missingmethodexception', 'notsupportedexception']
['instance', 'instances']
['aircrack-ng', 'grinder', 'ranorex', 'burp']
['nsxmlparser', 'nsregularexpression', 'nsjsonserialization']
['rrdtool', 'rrd']
['flyway', 'kettle', 'scriptella']
['wdm', 'kmdf']
['audiorecord', 'soundpool', 'mediarecorder', 'audiotrack']
['coffeescript', 'livescript']
['away3d', 'pixi.js', 'rajawali']
['zeromq', 'rabbitmq', 'masstransit']
['box-shadow', 'clip-path', 'linear-gradients']
['pexpect', 'spynner']
['xstream', 'org.json', 'flexjson']
['greedy', 'backtracking']
['uiswitch', 'uisegmentedcontrol', 'uialertview', 'uipopovercontroller', 'uidatepicker']
['jena', 'arq', 'protege', 'pellet']
['uilabel', 'uibutton']
['dtrace', 'systemtap']
['jssc', 'cocoaasyncsocket', 'jnetpcap', 'sshj', 'rxtx', 'kryonet']
['cpanel', 'directadmin']
['angular-schema-form', 'angular-formly']
['libcurl', 'winhttp']
['tweetsharp', 'python-requests', 'tweepy', 'oauth2client', 'twython', 'python-twitter']
['sbcl', 'clisp', 'racket', 'mit-scheme', 'common-lisp']
['eaglview', 'adbannerview']
['mootools', 'dojo', 'yui3']
['vtk', 'libsndfile', 'gdcm']
['hdf5', 'mat-file']
['poppler', 'pdfminer', 'princexml', 'calibre']
['scheduledexecutorservice', 'executorservice']
['umbraco', 'concrete5', 'dotnetnuke', 'n2cms']
['xamarin.ios', 'monomac', 'xamarin.mac']
['ncrunch', 'xunit.net', 'mbunit', 'specflow', 'testdriven.net', 'mspec']
['cardview', 'imagebutton', 'textview', 'imageview']
['uisearchbar', 'uisegmentedcontrol', 'uipageviewcontroller', 'uipagecontrol']
['nsset', 'nsorderedset']
['restify', 'hapi']
['mdf', 'sdf']
['glut', 'fltk', 'glfw', 'wxwidgets', 'sdl']
['mousedown', 'keydown', 'mouseout', 'mouseup']
['clang++', 'llvm']
['logstash', 'awstats', 'ganglia', 'graylog2', 'splunk']
['downcasting', 'downcast']
['qlist', 'tlist', 'tstringlist']
['reagent', 'blaze']
['pyquery', 'xml.etree', 'lxml.html', 'lxml', 'html5lib']
['radgrid', 'xtragrid', 'xamdatagrid', 'radgridview', 'gridcontrol']
['cosine', 'sine']
['cunit', 'googlemock', 'googletest', 'cpputest', 'cppunit', 'gmock']
['nsoperationqueue', 'nsurlconnection', 'nsoperation']
['subtyping', 'self-reference']
['vpn', 'stunnel', 'tunnel']
['uicollectionreusableview', 'uicollectionviewlayout']
['httpbuilder', 'buildr', 'antbuilder']
['uitabbarcontroller', 'uisplitviewcontroller', 'uinavigationcontroller']
['opensuse', 'gentoo']
['chart.js', 'c3.js', 'd3.js', 'crossfilter', 'nvd3.js', 'dc.js']
['subtraction', 'modulo', 'convolution', 'multiplication']
['hashcode', 'compareto', 'gethashcode']
['sbt-assembly', 'maven-jaxb2-plugin', 'bndtools', 'lombok']
['mdx', 'dax']
['avassetwriter', 'avassetreader', 'avurlasset', 'avassetexportsession', 'avmutablecomposition']
['uuid', 'guid', 'identifier']
['cashapelayer', 'skemitternode', 'skphysicsbody', 'skshapenode']
['idl', 'midl']
['osc', 'midi']
['rmagick', 'carrierwave']
['msdeploy', 'webdeploy']
['function', 'udf']
['pyrocms', 'silverstripe', 'fuelphp', 'yii2', 'elgg', 'octobercms']
['for-loop', 'if-statement', 'while-loop']
['urlconnection', 'androidhttpclient']
['uinavigationcontroller', 'uitabbarcontroller', 'uisplitviewcontroller']
['mod-php', 'mod-wsgi', 'mod-python']
['jssc', 'winpcap', 'libpcap', 'rxtx', 'pcap.net', 'sharppcap', 'kryonet', 'jnetpcap']
['mspec', 'cucumber', 'xunit.net', 'mbunit', 'cucumber-jvm', 'nunit', 'specflow']
['rpy2', 'pydot', 'pygraphviz']
['netstat', 'strace']
['jung', 'jung2', 'mapsforge', 'jgrapht', 'geotools']
['defaultdict', 'namedtuple']
['detailsview', 'checkboxlist', 'gridview', 'radgrid', 'radiobuttonlist', 'repeater', 'datalist']
['uipopovercontroller', 'uidatepicker', 'uialertview']
['pywin32', 'f2py', 'ctypes']
['eventkit', 'messageui', 'addressbookui']
['column-count', 'text-justify']
['illegalargumentexception', 'sqlexception']
['textblock', 'picturebox']
['firebase', 'kinvey']
['yui3', 'gridster', 'dynatree', 'jqtree']
['ios7', 'ios9', 'tvos', 'ios8', 'ipad', 'ios']
['coordinates', 'position']
['xjc', 'wsdl.exe', 'wsdl2java', 'wsimport']
['minidom', 'rexml']
['removeclass', 'slidetoggle', 'addclass', 'toggleclass']
['m4a', 'm3u']
['publish-subscribe', 'message-queue']
['advanced-custom-fields', 'contact-form-7']
['alarmmanager', 'countdowntimer', 'timertask']
['jmockit', 'fakeiteasy', 'xunit.net', 'specflow', 'moq', 'nsubstitute', 'fscheck', 'easymock', 'autofixture']
['werkzeug', 'cherrypy', 'web.py', 'beaker']
['xlconnect', 'xlrd']
['oracle10g', 'oracle9i']
['jasmine', 'chai', 'sinon', 'qunit', 'jasmine-jquery']
['spinnaker', 'chef-solo', 'chef', 'terraform']
['masm', 'emu8086']
['textscan', 'read.table']
['cimg', 'graphics32']
['gulp-sourcemaps', 'coveralls', 'coverage.py', 'blanket.js', 'karma-jasmine', 'istanbul', 'karma-coverage']
['geotools', 'mapsforge', 'proj4js']
['datagridviewcolumn', 'datagridcolumn']
['maven-3', 'flexmojos', 'maven-2']
['listbox', 'textarea', 'textbox']
['implode', 'explode']
['fuelphp', 'redbean', 'phpactiverecord']
['jpql', 'hql']
['gnutls', 'zlib', 'libssh2', 'libcurl', 'openssl']
['openam', 'jasig', 'opendj', 'pingfederate', 'shibboleth', 'opensso']
['xlconnect', 'readr', 'spark-csv']
['actionresult', 'redirecttoaction', 'jsonresult']
['scalatest', 'robotframework', 'splinter', 'selenium2library']
['phpword', 'jspdf', 'itextsharp', 'dompdf', 'html2pdf', 'mpdf']
['7zip', 'rar']
['bunyan', 'glog']
['ampl', 'modelica', 'minizinc', 'ocl']
['pellet', 'axiom']
['fadeout', 'slidetoggle', 'fadein']
['leptonica', 'gdcm', 'cimg', 'magick++']
['keydown', 'onkeyup', 'onkeydown']
['time-complexity', 'space-complexity']
['accessoryview', 'titleview']
['async.js', 'node-async']
['starttls', 'smtp-auth']
['mxml', 'fxml']
['fbsdk', 'fbconnect']
['jqwidget', 'webix', 'jeasyui', 'kendo-ui', 'fuelux']
['izpack', 'launch4j', 'jwrapper']
['gmaps4rails', 'geokit']
['uislider', 'seekbar']
['specs2', 'junit3', 'jmockit', 'scalatest', 'junit', 'spock', 'testng', 'junit4']
['encog', 'esper', 'elki', 'jsprit', 'optaplanner']
['video.js', 'froogaloop']
['pybrain', 'fann', 'accord.net', 'weka', 'deeplearning4j', 'elki', 'encog']
['processbuilder', 'javaw']
['pdfsharp', 'rotativa', 'evopdf']
['vhdl', 'synthesis']
['tesselation', 'raytracing']
['tinyxml', 'tbxml', 'rapidxml', 'pugixml']
['linked-list', 'quadtree', 'trie']
['cartopy', 'ggmap', 'rcharts', 'mpld3', 'folium']
['nssearchfield', 'nspopover']
['jdialog', 'jwindow']
['tdbgrid', 'clistctrl', 'tstringgrid', 'tlistview']
['rickshaw', 'graphael', 'rgraph', 'cytoscape.js', 'jung', 'protovis', 'd3.js', 'graphstream', 'jgrapht', 'sigma.js']
['edismax', 'dismax']
['graniteds', 'lcds']
['nsnumber', 'nsmutablearray']
['gamepad', 'wiimote']
['crtp', 'inheritance']
['cartopy', 'rworldmap', 'seaborn', 'ggmap', 'healpy']
['geckofx', 'xulrunner']
['copy', 'clone']
['obiee', 'powerbi', 'qlikview', 'microstrategy']
['qitemdelegate', 'qabstracttablemodel', 'qabstractitemmodel']
['libv8', 'mysql2']
['selectedindexchanged', 'textchanged']
['fxcop', 'cobertura', 'checkstyle']
['winmerge', 'beyondcompare']
['thunk', 'function-object']
['mybatis', 'automapper', 'modelmapper', 'dozer', 'xstream', 'orika']
['werkzeug', 'cherrypy', 'eventlet', 'web.py', 'gevent', 'tornado']
['jvectormap', 'markerclusterer']
['libjpeg', 'leptonica']
['https', 'kerberos', 'ssl']
['x-sendfile', 'ssi']
['libsvm', 'xgboost', 'scikit-learn', 'liblinear']
['morris.js', 'rgraph', 'graphael', 'nvd3.js', 'jqplot', 'jpgraph']
['indexof', 'charat']
['powerpoint', 'solidworks']
['sitemapprovider', 'virtualpathprovider']
['signal-handling', 'interrupt-handling']
['getelementsbyclassname', 'getelementsbytagname', 'queryselectorall', 'getelementbyid', 'getelementsbyname']
['mockito', 'nsubstitute', 'sinon', 'fakeiteasy', 'easymock', 'mockery']
['virtualenv', 'anaconda', 'canopy']
['pellet', 'jena', 'protege']
['xsbt-web-plugin', 'maven-gae-plugin']
['optaplanner', 'jsprit']
['mesh', 'voxel', 'particle']
['rickshaw', 'c3.js', 'nvd3.js', 'graphael', 'flot', 'dygraphs', 'cubism.js']
['aforge', 'emgucv', 'magick.net']
['achartengine', 'graphael', 'jqplot', 'jfreechart']
['play-slick', 'neat', 'slick']
['layoutsubviews', 'viewdidappear', 'viewwillappear']
['latex', 'stargazer', 'pandoc', 'knitr']
['sysdate', 'dateadd', 'datepart', 'getdate']
['rdflib', 'spark-csv', 'textblob', 'openrefine']
['charles', 'fiddler']
['lwuit', 'javafx-2']
['nspanel', 'nswindow']
['unrealscript', 'qbasic', 'realbasic']
['dbeaver', 'sqlyog', 'toad', 'heidisql', 'dbvisualizer']
['grpc', 'gsoap', 'avro', 'thrift']
['umbraco', 'dotnetnuke', 'plone']
['tinyscrollbar', 'caroufredsel', 'fullpage.js', 'stellar.js', 'iscroll4']
['opencsv', 'lambdaj']
['juce', 'opencv4android', 'ogre', 'openframeworks']
['qtoolbar', 'qtabwidget']
['packagemaker', 'deb', 'pkgbuild']
['koa', 'hapijs']
['libc', 'glibc', 'uclibc', 'newlib']
['snowball', 'lemmatization', 'stemming']
['plotrix', 'kernlab', 'quantreg', 'vegan']
['powermanager', 'telephonymanager']
['mqtt', 'smpp', 'xmpp']
['mura', 'expressionengine', 'concrete5']
['testcase', 'fixture']
['onblur', 'onchange', 'onmouseover', 'onkeyup', 'onfocus']
['nsubstitute', 'cpputest', 'googletest', 'gmock', 'fakeiteasy', 'cppunit', 'googlemock']
['maya', '3dsmax', 'blender', '3ds']
['xul', 'hta']
['python-requests', 'urllib3']
['audiorecord', 'mediacodec', 'audiotrack', 'mediarecorder']
['restructuredtext', 'textile', 'bbcode']
['bubble-sort', 'heapsort', 'shellsort', 'quicksort']
['uidevice', 'uiaccelerometer']
['picasso', 'universal-image-loader', 'sdwebimage', 'fresco']
['batik', 'docx4j', 'itextsharp', 'pdfbox']
['pivot-table', 'crosstab']
['ebay', 'etsy']
['nlme', 'glmnet', 'mgcv', 'lme4']
['rajawali', 'cifilter', 'glkit', 'openframeworks', 'aforge', 'accord.net', 'gpuimage']
['ssdp', 'arp']
['sesame', 'pellet', 'jena', 'arq']
['foreground', 'fullscreen']
['skemitternode', 'skphysicsjoint']
['fortran', 'c++', 'c']
['stringtemplate', 'kotlin', 'ceylon', 'xtend']
['openrasta', 'mvcsitemapprovider', 'mvcsitemap']
['seaborn', 'ggmap', 'mayavi', 'cartopy']
['fosrestbundle', 'liipimaginebundle']
['tiles2', 'spring-webflow']
['treeset', 'linkedhashmap', 'treemap']
['ravendb', 'db4o']
['netbsd', 'gentoo', 'openbsd', 'xv6', 'freebsd', 'opensolaris', 'minix']
['uipopovercontroller', 'uialertview', 'icarousel', 'mbprogresshud']
['deserialization', 'unmarshalling', 'serialization', 'marshalling']
['jmockit', 'specs2', 'powermock', 'scalatest', 'mockito', 'easymock', 'hamcrest']
['protected-mode', 'real-mode']
['respond.js', 'jasmine-jquery', 'modernizr']
['morphia', 'hibernate', 'kundera', 'ebean']
['innodb', 'wiredtiger', 'myisam']
['twitter4j', 'tweetsharp', 'python-twitter', 'sttwitter']
['pyyaml', 'configparser', 'pickle', 'dill']
['securesocial', 'satellizer', 'spring-social']
['swfupload', 'dropzone.js', 'plupload', 'jquery-file-upload', 'uploadify']
['onpaint', 'ontouchevent', 'ontouch', 'ondraw']
['viewwillappear', 'viewdidappear', 'layoutsubviews']
['jdbctemplate', 'transactionscope']
['jqwidget', 'webix', 'shieldui', 'kendo-ui', 'jeasyui']
['fadein', 'slidetoggle', 'fadeout']
['dynamics-crm', 'navision', 'dynamics-nav']
['react-router-redux', 'vue.js', 'ember.js', 'vue-router', 'react-router']
['maven-surefire-plugin', 'surefire']
['qunit', 'zombie.js']
['sinon', 'nock']
['zimbra', 'owncloud']
['findviewbyid', 'convertview']
['richtextbox', 'contentcontrol', 'textblock']
['ocaml', 'elm', 'elixir', 'agda', 'haskell', 'sml', 'idris', 'purescript']
['mousedown', 'onmouseover', 'mousehover', 'hover', 'mouseout', 'mouseover']
['sortedmap', 'hashmap', 'multimap']
['mantis', 'trac']
['uiaccelerometer', 'uidevice']
['superclass', 'metaclass']
['hashmap', 'dictionary']
['shopify', 'zendesk', 'contentful']
['explode', 'implode']
['mongodump', 'mongoimport']
['maven-2', 'maven-3']
['ag-grid', 'angular-datatables']
['liblinear', 'libsvm', 'xgboost', 'mallet', 'elki', 'scikit-learn', 'weka']
['alassetslibrary', 'mpmediaitemcollection', 'mpmediaitem', 'mpmediaquery']
['deserialization', 'marshalling', 'unmarshalling']
['jquery-validate', 'bootstrapvalidator', 'parsley.js', 'livevalidation', 'formvalidation.io']
['typeloadexception', 'notsupportedexception', 'targetinvocationexception', 'missingmethodexception']
['mysqldump', 'sqlplus']
['webclient', 'androidhttpclient', 'webrequest', 'urlconnection']
['radtreeview', 'gridcontrol', 'radgridview', 'datarepeater']
['modulus.io', 'fortrabbit']
['macports', 'homebrew']
['uivisualeffectview', 'cagradientlayer', 'uiblureffect']
['rebol', 'rebol3', 'rebol2']
['swi-prolog', 'vala', 'clisp', 'racket', 'mit-scheme', 'rebol3']
['jeditable', 'cleditor']
['rcharts', 'shinydashboard']
['pan', 'panning']
['np', 'np-complete']
['rivets.js', 'mvcjqgrid']
['synchronous', 'idempotent']
['cclayer', 'sknode']
['urlconnection', 'httpwebrequest', 'webrequest', 'webclient']
['revel', 'martini', 'fuelphp', 'lithium', 'beego']
['cfwheels', 'kohana', 'lithium', 'fuelphp']
['nsurlcache', 'nsmutableset', 'nscache']
['kentico', 'sitecore', 'dotnetnuke', 'umbraco']
['login', 'payment', 'registration']
['vxworks', 'minix', 'tinyos', 'contiki']
['ogre', 'irrlicht', 'physx']
['nlog', 'log4php', 'log4net']
['hiera', 'chef-solo', 'facter']
['spring-android', 'aquery', 'asynchttpclient', 'robospice']
['bluecove', 'jmdns']
['sbt-assembly', 'maven-gae-plugin', 'xsbt-web-plugin']
['xcode4', 'theos']
['networkx', 'jung2', 'jgraph', 'sigma.js', 'graphstream', 'jgrapht', 'jung']
['postcss', 'asset-pipeline']
['jscript.net', 'vbscript', 'jscript']

Process finished with exit code 0
